What happened? Nothing happened. I vomited them up and therefore they only had a slightly detectable effect. I have taken dried psilosybin mushrooms in the past and this has never happened to me.

My intention for this experiment was to take a small amount to check out their effectiveness. The overall intention is to try and gain a sense of connectedness to this land which is not my native land.  In the US I can travel all over the upper northwest quarter of the country and up into Canada and feel like I belong there. I can feel the landscape. Being a rural person, I have always felt this connection. Subjectively speaking, it seems that psychedelics have deepened this feeling connection, but after 5 years here I still feel alien to the land. I was hoping that the truffles would help and they are the only thing available anyway. This is a boozer country. 

The set and setting for this trial run could not have been better. It is quite rural here with nothing behind the house but farm fields. I took the truffles at 04:00 on a Sunday morning when no one was out and about. I had enough sleep and an empty stomach. 

I am addicted to nicotine which I administer through a vaporizer, but hadn't used any for 6 hours. I am not on any medications and take no supplements. I did have a pacemaker installed a couple of years ago because of an AV block though. Other than that I am in very good health. My heart, lungs, veins, arteries, muscles and bones are great shape according to the doctor. The heart of a teenager. The face of an old man.

The dose was a bit less than 10 grams wet weight. I chewed them up very well. They didn't taste bad. Kinda nutty with a bit of citrus. About 15 minutes later, much to my surprise, I started to throw up. I suppressed it and went for a walk in the back yard, but to no avail. In another 15 minutes I lost control and puked.  

In another 10 or 20 minutes I felt the urge to defecate. I took this as a good sign. On a few occasions I have had the psychedelic shits when the medicine came on really strong. Sitting on the pot shitting your brains out is a good humbling launch posture that makes delusions of grandeur hard to maintain.

But there was no launch this time. After emptying my bowels I vomited twice more. I don't know what is in them thar truffles, but obviously my intestinal tract wanted them gone. I didn't feel sick though. Peyote makes me feel very sick for hours. This was different. The purging was over about an hour after ingestion and all I felt was tired. Insert expletive here!!!

I sure am glad that I didn't try these things out in a truffle shop while in Amsterdam. It would have been devastatingly embarrassing to go through the above ickey gross process in a public space.

Back in Cascadia I know several master morel hunters. They don't eat them raw. When I asked Major Morel Eyes [not his real name] about this he said that even benign shrooms like morels can make you feel sick if they aren't cooked. For my next test, I'm going to simmer 5 grams in butter like I do with morels and see how I react to that.

Yes, I have read opinions that stated that heat diminishes their potency, but potency does me no good if I can't keep them down. I've also read opinions that say making a tea out of them is the way to go. Contradictory information on any subject seems to be the norm.

