##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

Timeline:

4:56- Pack the DMT with a Tobacco from a Marlboro 27 as a base.

5:05- The bag of the Volcano Vaporizer that I'm using has now become completely full. The DMT has been completely used and all the smoke from it is within this one bag, I plan to take it all in one hit. 

5:07- I'm Standing in front of my bed so that if I fall I'll land in something comfortable. I'm about to inhale.

5:10- Exhaled.

5:12- Still standing, unknown how to me that I am, my feet feel as if they aren't there, I'm floating, unable to move in any direction.

5:14- There is no way I can possibly stand here anymore. Everything around me has warped in size, my dresser appears to be smaller then my pinky toe. However the power outlet has become giant and each plug-in looking like giant faces, the bottom hole on each is opening and closing as if it wishes to devour me. Before I fall into the warm embrace of my bed I text my best friend my final thought. BRACE FOR IMPACT

5:30- I have just awoken from my trip. Here is what has happened between my last report and now.

5:15- With eyes closed I fall into me bed, as I do the two ends of my bed on my left and right feel as if fold around me like a cocoon and suck me into complete darkness.

5:17- My visuals were more intense then ever before. I realized I had entered the world of the strange. For a visual representation of what I was seeing, see the trailer for MDOT Strange's movie 'We are the Strange'. 

5:20- I have been adventuring in the world of the Strange for what feels like days. Monsters chasing me down every street. Finding new ways to slay them. Suddenly a giant snake appeared, but it was familiar, I had seen it before, suddenly I realized where It was from...My last DMT Trip. On my last trip this snake appeared out of my friends arm and bit my eye, but the bite did not hurt, it felt like it was filling me with power. This snake followed me around the world of the strange protecting me from any monsters that came my way.

5:25- Before this trip I had always wondered what people meant by breaking through the wall of my trip, I now realize I never had before now. All of a sudden a Giant wall was in front of me with a Giant symbol on it. I lifted my finger and flicked the wall. As I did it came crumbling down, and with this I broke through the second wall. I have never read other reports of this. 

5:27- The music that was playing through my speakers this entire time has changed from amazing Pink Floyd to some nice heavy metal,  Slayer's 'Angel of Death'. As soon as this happened my entire trip changed and I was within the depths of hell. The devil appeared before me saying that he was to be my final opponent. I conjured a flame sword and sliced off his head. I had become the Angel of Death.

5:30- My trip had come to an end and now I am writing to you. I have definitely enjoyed my trip. The dosage I took was ridiculously high but was well worth it.