PREVIOUS PSYCHEDELIC EXPERIENCES:

LSD: about 20x
Salvia: once
2cb: about 50x
Dob: 2x
Ipomoea purpurea seeds: about 10x
Potent weed: uncountable times
Had also an OOBE with inhaled Trichloroethylene (I don't suggest  it to whom likes this life).
Never tried DMT before --> these were my first experiences.

-------
20mg EXPERIENCE:

Set:       - eager to try it out and a bit apprehensive 'cause I knew it is safer to have a sitter with this stuff.
Setting:  -alone in my little flat, warm temperature, comfortable clothes, dim yellow light, complete silence.

First try fail: I knew it evaporates at about 70c° so I was too careful with the flame. Let it evaporate well, the vapour has to be milky, stinky and harsh. No liquid form should remain (with twice the substance I could not see if there was still some liquid on the bottom of the 1,5l bottle--> too much vapour).

Timing:
Onset: 1'
Plateau: 2-3'
Inconspicuous in: 6'
Back to baseline: 12'

Effects: heartbeat rate rush, vibration going up my spine on an ass to brain highway, body heaviness and detachment*, pulverization of sight in thousands of colored fragments. Notice that when plateau is reached HB rate stabilizes.
On Sasha scale: ++ 

-------
45mg EXPERIENCE:

Set:       - eager to try it out and a bit apprehensive 'cause I knew it is safer to have a sitter with this stuff.
Setting:  -my little flat with a trusted psychonaut friend, warm temperature, comfortable clothes, dim yellow light, did 5 minutes meditation to find inner peace and open my mind (yes I'm fast doin' it ;)

Timing:
Onset: 1'
Plateau: 2-3'
Inconspicuous in: 12'
Back to baseline: 24''

Effects: heartbeat rate rush, vibration going up my spine on an ass to brain highway, body heaviness and detachment*,  acquired ability to see a new non-describable dimension, when invisible things revealed to me while I detached from my body I first noticed a clown face on my ceiling, at first first I was a bit scared but then I realized his full nature and understood he was not a menace but just a grimace--> a distortion of the energy flow of the 4th dimension, a flow that permeates everything everywhere. Then when I inspired I suddenly became the air entering my lungs and I enjoyed very much all the spirals and movement I did as an airstream, my trippin' conscience had no clear measure, size, edges or bounds. Then I used this expanded consciousness to search grips and energy knots within my lower bodies (physical and ethereal) and I found it very easy to adjust them).
On Sasha scale: +++ 

-------
OVERALL EXPERIENCE:
This substance gave me the most intense psychedelic experience I've ever had and I enjoyed it immensely. Btw my life has not changed at all after this experience. I now consider this the more suited substance to the true psychonaut.