My First Experience as a Psychonaut

9:00am I drank Mushroom Tea (about 1.5 grams of dried magic mushrooms). I poured two cups of peppermint tea onto dried magic mushrooms and allowed it to steep for about an hour. The flavor of the mushroom wasn't bad at all. I'm an average eater of mushrooms and did not find the mushroom flavor terrible. In fact, I'm considering making a savory soup with onions and chicken soup with the mushrooms.
 
9:20am I am feeling weird. I believe this is the onset. Not quite nauseous, but my head feels weird. I feel that it is expanding into my hands. I feel like I have to let go into it and close my eyes. Every now and then it feels a little overwhelming. I definitely felt better just lying in bed with my eyes closed.
 
9:24am It's a dreamlike feeling, closed-eye hallucinations, warm feeling... lots of brilliant color and shapes and designs, lights bursting in my head... I listen to various music and find that I am drawn to meditation tapes.
 
10:39am I experience open eye hallucinations, such as plasma or gas flowing in the air, with splashes or color and patterns.... off and on horny.
 
10:45am Looking in the mirror was weird as my face shifted here and there. As I was shaving the hairs seemed magnified. Funny...
 
11am... had to explore the world. I felt like stepping outside was entering a new dimension.
 
11:15am I made it to the cafe down the street, home of my favorite latte... I lost control of my cup. I thought that was hilarious. I endeavored to be better about it. Conversations seemed like whispers to me...

11:30am I went to a park and sat there. I felt like I understood the earth's language and the wind was the way the earth touched me in a gentle way... I was hoping that in this state, I could see what the winning lottery numbers were, but then I thought that wanting such a thing was a waste of time and that wanting that means that that is what I need to be happy. And I didn't need that. And I feel that if we all looked at what we really need (love, for example), it's rather simple and we don't need to complicate our lives running around for things we don't need. Not to say if 600 million dollars fell into my lap that I wouldn't enjoy it thoroughly... Somewhere in this, I felt that I had peaked.
 
12pm. At the library, I stared at the ceilings as they formed geometric shapes and they wavered. This was funny to me. I acknowledged my wicked, wicked ways. I wanted to apologize to a co-worker for being mean to her. I almost texted her...
 
12:30pm I got tacos... I've had better but it was okay. I appreciated the colors and the surroundings and the gentle breeze.
It wasn't as if I got the munchies the same way I would if I took marijuana. I was just hungry.
 
1pm Normal, extra-loving, more compassionate feeling. I feel like my path has been reset and my priorities re-aligned and that I was better for having gone through the experience.

Afterwards, I had a slight headache, not much though. I wasn't sure if that was from the mushrooms. I think the dosage was just right. Nothing too crazy. It felt natural, not chemically... And after a few hours of unfocused reflection, I was completely back to normal. I slept well and I felt fine when I woke up.

THE EXPERIENCE: Definitely worth it!