It was a normal night in April like any other night, but a friend of mine who shall be referred to as M had found someone to sell mushrooms to us. We met this person and each bought an eighth (approximately 3.5 grams) of dried mushrooms. Neither of us had done mushrooms before, but the person who sold them to us suggested that we both ingest a whole eighth.

We went to M's house and ingested the mushrooms and drank soda to diffuse the foul taste of the substance at around 11:30 P.M. At around 12:00 to 12:30 the effects began to hit us. An extremely overwhelming body high and euphoric feeling came over us very suddenly. Soon after M and I began to see colors much more vividly and patterns seemed to shift. This seemed to be an amazing substance that I couldn't believe I hadn't experienced before. We went outside to stare at nature and the moon for about an hour or so and his younger brother came outside and hung out with us fully aware of the circumstances.

At around 2 A.M. we went back inside due to being cold outside and wanting to be able to see more during this experience. We went inside and sat down on M's couch to talk and look around. M's brother went back upstairs around 2:30 A.M. to go to sleep.

At some point around 3 A.M. I completely lost all control of my own body. It was very similar to a the anterograde
amnesia often associated with the over-consumption of alcohol. I had what at the time seemed like a very vivid, but unrealistic dream that included M pushing me out of the door to his house and screaming 'Get the fuck out of my house!' at me and another sequence in which I threw a glass of water onto M's father and finally ending with a sequence of me in my car throwing things out of my bag around the inside of my car and hitting the windshield. It was at this point around 4:00 A.M. that I regained consciousness in my own car with my rear view mirror broken off and all of my personal belongings strewn around my car and I noted that I didn't have shoes on as I looked down at my grass stained feet. I looked to the left out of the driver's side door and M and his parents were all standing there looking at me in shock. I was then driven to my home while I sat in the back seat wondering what in the world could have possibly caused this strange state of unknowing brutality that caused M to get in a fight with me to get me out of his house. I later looked on the internet for similar experiences, but I couldn't find anything. It should be noted that I am prescribed amitriptyline(20 mg) to take at night to help me sleep, but I did not take it on the night of this occurrence. This medication could have had some interaction, but I could not find any further information documenting the interaction between these two things.