It began one Friday afternoon, I was broke and waiting to get paid later on so I decided I would eat 4 grams of shrooms, this was not my first experience, I had come into a supply of shrooms and was experimenting with different dosages, starting with 1g dry cubensis mushroom. About 2 weeks later I ingested 2 and had a pretty nice mellow experience. 

This time I decided I would take 3 but about 15 minutes  after ingestion I ate another 1 gram, I figured sticking with doubling the dose each time should work out well, and it did. (this was taken on an empty stomach, at least 10 hours with no food)

T+0:45  beginning to feel some very mild effects, I feel light and airy and my room has a very orange glow about it as the sun begins to go down. It feels like my stomach is quivering, feeling mildly anxious excited for the coming experience.

T+1:30 getting some very nice visuals from the patterns in my ceiling, the shapes are morphing and changing into all kinds of shapes, whenever I stare at them it seems that the shapes shatter into microscopically small vibrating particles they seem to be cascading around on top of one another like water in the ocean. Listening to music in the background but paying little attention to it. My mind is far away racing through thoughts at an incredible pace. 

T+2:15 Getting very intense, I decided to draw and put on a Bach Cello suite playlist in the background.  the music is amazing and conjures dark imagery of demons and monsters, although it doesn't seem to bother me that much, which is kind of puzzling. As I draw I look at the blank sheet of paper and see patterns  emerging and disappearing I try to trace them and they have morphed and changed and I follow them and the pen just works and is free and my mind just knows what I have to do. 

T+3:00 Still peaking quite good, the power has diminished somewhat and I believe I may be tapering off, but I have had this feeling on mushrooms before, some kind of false sobriety, but then what is sober anyways, I continue to draw and listen to amazing music that vibrates something deep within me. I feel a connection to my ancestors through this music it is truly timeless.

T+4:00 Definitely tapering off but everything is still very vivid this trip seems to have been very fast but exceptionally powerful. I feel incredible like a weight has been lifted and that life isn't so terrible after all. 

T+5:00 It is crazy to think that just a couple of hours ago I was on a mind bending psychedelic sojourn, and now I am cooking dinner. Mushrooms are really amazing and the afterglow is going strong, feeling upbeat and happy and just ready to embrace life. 

T+INFINITY: had a wonderful experience this time and plan to up to 6 grams next time. Using psychedelic mushrooms has given me new a perspective not just on life but on everything. It has enhanced my reality which is fantastic, and it's a shame that the government feels the need to outlaw this ancient and sacred sacrament. 
