It did not last very long but the experience itself is something that I feel needs to be shared with others who are planning to try DMT for their first time. 

Past drug experience: MDMA, MXE, Cannabis, Shrooms, 2-CB, LSD, Alcohol

Myself and two of my best friends had gotten our hands on 200mg of very pure DMT. We had been waiting to get some for months and now was finally the time. We were in a dimly lit basement in a very relaxed state of mind. We had no scale so we figured we'd just load up a bongful of the crystals and take it from there. Boy, was that a HUGE mistake.

My friend L went first. He lit the crystals, waited for our homemade bong to fill up with smoke (there wasn't much) and he removed the cap and inhaled. He ran to the bed and waited in anticipation. He closed his eyes, searching for any sign of visuals but found none. 'It just feels kinda weird...' he said. Disappointed, he took another hit, but again, no real effect.

I was slightly frustrated and figured he must be doing something wrong, so I tried a hit myself. I sat crosslegged on the floor as my other friend, H, lit a freshly packed bowl of crystals. The smoke filled up a bit and he removed the cap for me. I sucked all the smoke in very fast and tried holding it in for as long as I could (3 seconds) before coughing it all out. As I was coughing it out, the room was flashing different colors and warping VERY intensely. The walls were skewing and moving right before my eyes. Overwhelmed, I crawled onto a nearby recliner so I could sit back and enjoy the trip.

'Holy shit' I kept saying out loud. I was hallucinating shadows on the wall that looked like the links of a fence. The room would go from purple to green to red, all within a couple of seconds. 'This is really tripping me out' I said, laughing. But thats when it hit me. The most intense body load I've ever felt. 

My heart was RACING. Easily over 170 beats per minute - far beyond the medical threshold for tachycardia. I could not move any of my limbs. I was paralyzed from head to toe. I started shitting myself (not literally) and decided I needed to go to the ER, but I didnt want to scare my friends. I figured I just had to wait it out. As badly as I wanted to go to the hospital, I knew that wasn't an option. I told my friends that I was freaking out and I couldnt handle this. I remember acknowledging the fact that I was going to die. There was absolutely no doubt in my mind that I was going to die from a DMT overdose on this old recliner. My parents would be so proud. I was about to ask one of my friends to stab me so I could skip this overwhelming trepidation I was experiencing. The visuals were starting to really scare me so I closed my eyes. My friends tried calming me down but their voices sounded really panicked so it was making me feel worse. I told my friend L to come massage my back because I thought it would help me regain feeling in my body. I felt bad because he was still having a light trip so my demands for a massage probably stressed him out a bit, but I really needed it. I took deep breaths and silently prayed to God for a few minutes. (I'm agnostic, mind you) The massage helped, but during this time, my dumbass friend H was lighting a new bowl for himself. 

'Dude, I honestly wouldn't do that if I were you,' I said, coming down. 'I just had the worst trip of my life.' He didn't care and inhaled his hit, but like my other friend, he felt no effects. L stopped massaging me and packed another bowl. 'You guys,' I began to warn them again. 'You don't understand the things I just saw. Why are you smoking more?' I was completely baffled at my friends' willingness to smoke more of something that almost ended my life. Regardless, they both smoked more, claiming they wanted to 'get where I was.' Dumb fuckers.

Nothing happened to them, thank god, but something about this drug really affected me. I suspect that I have an adverse reaction to the drug because I have several enzyme deficiencies. Either that, or I just smoked WAAAY too much. I didn't 'break through' however, which leads me to believe that this drug simply will not work with my body. I do not plan on trying it again, and if you ever asked me personally about DMT, I would say:  It almost killed me.