It was a Sunday and I didn't have work the next day, I had grown some 'Keepers Creeper' mushrooms, but had yet to sample them. I'm not a big tripper really; more uppers and downers, but I have tripped using mushrooms and LSD before, and more recently DMT.

I will layout a timeline to roughly chart the experience, but before doing so, just a bit more info. I had not eaten much, but had, two hours previously, had a big meal. I chewed down the dried mushrooms with water, not pleasant, but I only took 1g, so there was not too much to chew down, after this I knew it could take up to an hour before things got really interesting, so I decided to have a bath.

6.40pm – Took 1g of mushrooms

7.10pm By this time I was beginning to experience the coming up feeling, and I was starting to feel tightness in my stomach. At this point I didn't know how strong the trip would be, as I took a relatively smallish dose, and was thinking that this may be a very light trip.

7.23pm Now I realised that this was not going to be a light trip and I could feel pressure building in my head and behind my eyes. Nausea was still there, I knew I was not going to be sick, but felt bloated with indigestion like feeling. Time dilation was also taking place and time passed very slow, six minutes felt like 45 minutes.

7.40 – 8.00pm by 7.40 an hour had passed from ingestion and the trip kept growing in intensity. I wandered round my house for a bit, looked out the window, but felt a bit restless, and was still feeling the nausea, so I decided to sit down and check facebook. By now focusing on the screen was quite hard and my computer screen seemed to be really bright! Looking at my facebook feed was hard work and not particularly interesting.

8.00 – 9.30pm – At this point the trip stopped growing in intensity and plateau for the next hour and a half. During this time I stayed seated. The visuals were not that strong, but I was feeling quite a body load, the intensity came more from the different emotions I was feeling. I started to struggle to keep myself thinking straight and got moments of having the fear, I tried to meditate, but I got annoyed with myself because I couldn't keep focus.I started wishing I hadn't taken any shrooms and castigated myself for tripping again, but then accepted the fact that I was tripping pretty hard and would be for another couple of hours. 

At this point I decided to put some music on, "Woob – On Earth" which is beautiful.

9.30 – 10pm – I could now finally feel the trip begin to slowly subside in intensity, my nausea was subsiding and I got up walked around and just generally started talking to myself, this half an hour went really fast.

10.00 onwards – I decided to put on the tv and watch a show, by now I could concentrate and see better. I felt really good, and sat down and sparked a spliff and opened a can of beer. I felt like I was basking in the afterglow of the trip, and I enjoyed this more than the intense point of the trip.

Conclusion

One thing I learned from this trip was that my theory about being more sensitive to psilocybin than most people is true. 1g would not even touch some people, not to the extent it did me.
 
I felt nauseous the whole trip, which was uncomfortable, and I drank about a pint and a half of water as my throat was dry. I also urinated more often. 

Due to the nausea and a general feeling of lethargy, I prefer acid over mushrooms, for me I feel like I have a poison in my body with mushrooms, and the body load is quite high. Nevertheless, despite at one point regretting the trip, by the end I was glad I took it. For me, I have always loved the afterglow.