T60-120ish :So far I have felt very euphoric. I feel like I am in for one hell of a ride.
My san pedro was small. It had been mistaken care of. The full length was 12 inches which tapered to a peak. Which was off. Meaning something had not treated this pedro well. I had about 800-850-900 gram weight of fresh pedro used from 8 inches of plant matter.

I boiled it down into a tea concoction in a crock pot for 3.5 hours.
Drank a taste tester dose, felt small effect from that over 2 hours.
Boiled down the remaining 5 cups of liquid to 2.5 cups of liquid.

Have taken about 8-9 1fluid ounce shots of this orally. I feel mild hallucinations on-setting. I have a nice euphoria, I feel very relaxed. I dealt with only minor discomfort from the pedro. The only bad thing about it was the taste IT IS As bad as it is made out to be. I did  about 14 oz lemon juice in my extraction of all of the alkaloids. And approx 2 blenders full of plant/lemon/water which I boiled down.

I had to drink about a half a can of mountain dew per shot to get it down. Its not bad until it hits the back of your throat its like a salty sour green taste. Which is horrible to say the least. Overall everything is mild. I feel great. Not high, but very good so far. I am taking notes and trying to keep all of everything recorded. 

I have noticed some slight lose of train of thought. I feel the mind melting effects of the spirit of the cactus But I have yet to succumb to this feeling and let it take me away. I do not know if this is creeping up on me and will be really intense or not. Even if I do not get more than this general happy feeling I am thankful for this plant. I feel it is very sacred and to be held with utmost respect. I love it, I love everything right now. I have not noticed anything wrong with my pupils. I have noticed increased clarity of sight in distant objects, like the trees seem crystal clear, and I can really see the depth between the layers of the trees outside. The colors are a slight bit brighter almost like the onset of a dxm trip. However I do not think this will be as strong as a high as dxm. I do not really wish for a high this is a spirit journey for me. I only wish to attain the inner most peace available.

As I write this I am getting chills and goosebumps which are quickly leaving. My perception of sound is about the same. I have noticed vibrations of energies around me which have came as quick short bursts in these goose bump like feelings. I believe soon I will succumb to the full mind numbing effects of the cactus. I am writing this at T:+126 from the initial 'shot' No 'high' feeling but I can definitely tell something is going on or going to occur which has not yet. I think I am going to have a really great trip to be honest.

T240-270: I have noticed the same euphoria throughout I don't think I quite reached threshold and if I did it was just barely but I have had a pleasant experience none the less. I have utmost respect for this sacred herb.
One thing I have noticed everything seems so crystal clear and has for hours now. Colors are a bit more vivid and sound seems the same. I wish I had a better specimen or had teased it to make it get defensive first. I will try this again. 
And I will do it proper next time, will also consider potentiators such as chocolate/caffeine/nicotine/vitamins etc.
I have had very mild  hallucinations that I almost have had to look for. (like something seemingly moving but still at the same time type of optical illusion)

Overall I have felt stoned all night. Nothing more than a good herb high. And might could be considered a speedball like feeling I have had tonight. I have been more sedated than anything I can definitely say there are narcotics present as I feel something, not enough but yeah I feel it. I have had some great meditation tonight, and have enjoyed this experience.

I seek a full spirit journey though. I want the FULL ride, not just this teaser. However for my first mesc' experience I have totally fucking loved the way I have felt tonight. I haven't tripped balls OR even felt like I was tripping. It has been mellow. And I like this feeling yet I want more. I want the knowledge of the eternal universe within 12 hours. My next journey with the pedro will be awhile from now, But it will be proper. I will hunt and find the proper specimens and treat them in the manner they should be to make the best teas.

I would like to try peyote one day, however I will settle for this. It has the same alkaloids that are the most active. I loved this full spectrum brew I made. I just wish I could have hit that real thresh hold enstead of this mild ecstasy feeling.
I wanted to meet ancestor spirits and commune with nature. Know the reason why anything and to question everything..


Here is a report I wrote to friends elsewhere

it feels like a really good bud buzz, it is def mostly heady. I also reports mild hallucinations. So mild almost unnoticeable unless looking for them specifically. Ireports euphoria, calmness, alertive-ness, a higher temperature, and extreme relaxation. I seems to be enjoying itself on a low (IF even touching) threshold amount. I am curious as to how glorified and intense a threshold would be. I am impressed with my respect for such a sacred herb. I have felt vibrations from outside energy's and I reports a tingle or crawly skin feeling. I really am enjoying just chilling and laying back. I have not tried to see if vivid colors appear if my eyes are closed or not, I am content with the universe. I also has had heightened and elevated mood for hours.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Overall report approximately 5.4 hours in from initial shot (drank it over the course of an hour to 1.5 hours)

Very mild, not trip like. But GREAT I have enjoyed it. I have felt narcotic like effects, I have felt a mild sedative feeling from this plant overall. I have had some great meditation tonight. And have been happy overall. Next time I will have more proper recorded audible documentation when I do it right and big. This was just testing the waters for my first time, and seeing what the hype was about. I wish I had grown my cactus myself to be honest ;)  But then I would probably not have wanted to eat it as it would of been my baby.