It was a stroke of luck that I had picked up the shrooms in the first place and I was very excited to try them. I got home from work around 4:30 in the afternoon. I wanted to try them for the first time at home because it is a small, cozy space that is just mine and my wife's. Upon my arrival, I set up a few trip toys. I didn't have a trip sitter and, having done my research, I was prepared to keep myself occupied lest I have a bad trip or decide to go outside when I really shouldn't be doing so. After setting up my toys, I took the shrooms to the kitchen. I diced about 1.7 grams worth of my meager 2.5 (I had been told it was an &#8539;, coincidentally I did get some money back after the fact). I realized I had no OJ to mix it with so I poured some iced tea, tossed in the shrooms, and upon having stirred it up, I slammed it. 

I weigh about 230 so 1.7 grams was only going to take me to the first level. I watched an episode of the BBC's "Life of Birds." After about twenty minutes, I smoked some weed. I began to notice a bit of fuzz at the edge of my vision. The sunlight streaming into the room felt a little brighter, more vivid. After about an hour had passed, it didn't seem like much else was going to happen, so I took the rest (.8 grams or so). These I chewed directly and for a more prolonged period than I would have thought myself capable of (I don't like mushrooms - as in, eating them). They were disgusting and I gagged once but I choked them down. 

After about 10 minutes I began to notice a prismatic effect interacting with the light sources in my living room. I put on my headphones, queued up "Maenam" by Jami Sieber (it's a great song for shrooms!) and layed on my couch. My cat jumped into my lap as I began to experience strong closed eye visuals. My mind focused on the deep, sustained notes of the song as I drew pictures with my imagination and saw them on the insides of my eyelids. The cat kept me grounded and I felt like I was waking up when, after about 20 minutes, I sat up and took my headphones off.

Next, I played a few video games. I played Lumines, a puzzle game with dynamic and colorful backgrounds and a focus on rhythm and music. I also played a bit of the game Bully while I chatted with my brother about what I was experiencing. My memory starts to get muddled at this point: I went outside into my backyard, feeling in full control of my faculties. After enjoying the fresh air and the greens and blues, I went back inside.

At this point, I felt like I was starting to ride it back down. I smoked some more weed and, after playing with my cats for a while, I did a youtube search for "psychedelic music" and played the first video that came up (The Bread of God). The music was weird yet strangled entrancing at times. The visuals were what sold it. A fantastic laser light show morphed complex shapes and fractals into amazing patterns. I lay back down on the couch; at this point, I'm pretty sure the shrooms hit my gut. I say this because I felt a new rush while I was watching the video. I focused on the dizzying images and felt like these must be like the level 3 and 4 visuals I had read about.

My wife came home, I went to bed, I woke up the next morning and went to work. I still felt a bit of after effect, or so I'm convinced. In any case, my first time was very eye-opening. The day after at work I felt like I enjoyed little things more, like the weather, the colors, and the fresh air. All in all I can say that my first time left me even more curious than I was before. Under the right conditions, I'd like to venture into the higher levels in the future.