##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

Prior Experience: 2C-C, 4-HO-MET, Methylone, 2C-B, 5-MeO-DALT, Psilocin, MDMA, 5-MeO-MIPT, 2C-P, 2C-E, 25i-NBOMe, LSD, JWH-210, JWH-018, 25c-NBOMe, DXM, THC, 6-APB, DOB, DOC, TMA-1, 2C-I, DMT

Before starting I did my usual preparations for psychedelics: created an appropriate playlist of pleasant music, a comfortable bed, and some mood lighting. Then, I carefully injected 85mg of DMT fumarate into the muscle in my upper arm.

It takes about 7 minutes to come up. The drug comes up strong but didn't run me over like the IV dose had, and wasn't as potent. I spent most of my experience in what I call 'The Candlyland Dollhouse'. Everything looked fake. I felt like I was in a dollhouse, my computer looked like a toy, or something for display that didn't function, as did everything. My gf's face looks fake, like shes wearing a mask, and everything feels synthetic. Every object I own that performs a function looks like a toy, and the walls look of plastic with slowly moving colored patterns on them. Everything looks bizarre, and I find walking around impossible at this point, as my body feels heavy, almost dead, like my other DMT experience.

I close my eyes, but I didn't go anywhere. I did however, feel as though I could peek outside the dollhouse, I looked in to the next plane where superior ascended beings exist, all I could see were colored lines and patterns against bright white but I could feel the presence of other beings, who noticed me, but didn't think much of my presence. As a cat might think of a human looking at it, smiling, and moving on. These beings had evolved beyond our petty human problems, and lived in a world of perpetual happiness and joy, but it may have been an illusion, put up for my amusement by these advanced creatures. I felt like maybe they had built the dollhouse I was in. I was in this state for what felt like nearly a solid hour, and enjoyed it thoroughly. I only briefly felt an unpleasant sensation of being incredibly insignificant.

Half an hour in I begin to come down, and am able to walk around and observe things more closely, though no matter how closely I look at something, it still appears to be a toy. I go to the mirror in the bathroom and put my hands on either side of it, staring at myself.. and then I felt a jolt, like a small electric shock and I had the ineffable sensation that I had swapped places with the person in the mirror; this happened several times before I got a bit spooked and walked away. Walking is difficult and requires much concentration, so I decide to sit back down. I close my eyes and try to get a glimpse of the parallel plane again, but I'm no longer able to reach it. Just random patterns against a black background.