My First Trip With Deems

I had never done a psychedelic before last night. I was in a comfortable mellow environment with good people and vibes. The five of us sat downstairs in a bedroom, String cheese incident playing in the background. My friend explained to all of us how to hit it in order to get the full effect as he is a 'seasoned professional' for lack of better phrasing. 

I held the chillum as he lit it for me. His explicit directions we're to hold it for as long as possible. Just when I thought I couldn't hold it any longer, I became very comfortable and the sounds from upstair's party began to warp. Alt-J had just started playing. I looked at my friend and he smiled to me while patting my leg as I fell back and melted into the bed. I had my eyes open and watched the earth's vibrations as shapes began to form. I wasn't thinking about breathing or my heart beat. I saw my boyfriend lie down next to me and that's when I closed my eyes. I was so lost in the moving and spinning geometry that brightly and warmly surrounded me. I smiled and giggled and cried. I made the realization that I should never fear anything and that I was seeing the energy of the world and all of the beings in it. Mixing together and moving together so neatly and perfectly. I realized that this is what is going on behind the veil we're stuck behind. I really thought I was dying for a moment but I was so blissfully happy that I didn't care if I came back. I can't explain the feeling I had. Everyone needs to experience the love that I did. I grabbed my boyfriend's hand and I felt his warmth and energy flow over me. The connection was again... Indescribable. To know that he was feeling everything I was and that we were sharing it... It was amazing. There was no time. 

I have no idea how long it felt like but was surprised to know I'd only been 'sleeping' for five minutes or so. When I came back, I was in awe. I couldn't do anything but sit with my jaw dropped and reflect. I was so euphoric. It was the most beautiful, eye opening and spiritual experience I will ever have.  