I had wanted to try Ecstasy since I was in high school, but never ran into it because I was never in the right crowd.  As I became older I turned down the few opportunities I had because I didn't know if it was real.  Ten years after my last hard drug use I decided I was going to acquire MDMA and try it.

Dryed on a plate in my living room I looked at my MDMA.  It was Saturday morning and I was beyond nervous.  I had smoked some meth in high school, but after a few bad experience quit all drugs excepting a little pot and a drinking habit acquired in college.  I had little idea what it was going to do even after months of trying to grasp it.

I prepared by eating a good breakfast, a second breakfast, and I bought two gatorades.  I checked my phone, made sure it was charged, and put in my pocket in case I needed to call for assistance.  I weighed out 60 mg, folded the paper, and poured it onto my tongue.

I had heard techno music was good on Ecstasy so I opened internet radio and created a techno station.  Most of the music was immediately atrocious and I spent the next forty-five minutes get ridding of most the songs it tried to play.

I had planned to wait several hours before taking more, but I wasn't feeling anything so I weight out another 60 mg.  I though to myself "This isn't like you, you are way more cautious and if you are taking more maybe you are already under the influence and just don't know it."  I took it anyways.

Another forty-five minutes, an hour and a half after the first dose, I took my third does of 60 mg because I felt absolutely nothing.  The second it hit my tongue the song "dropped" and I felt it go through my body.  I knew I was in trouble.  I got up and went and looked in the mirror and told myself "This is awesome.  This is what you wanted.  Have it, be happy, and just roll with it."  I didn't know at the time that what the term "rolling" meant, but it was fitting.

A few minutes later a friend who had to work that day came over on his lunch break.  He walked in and sat down across from me.  It felt awesome to rub my palms, and I tried to hide it by slowly rubbing my hands on my pants.  "What are you on?"  First words out of his mouth.  "I might offfff tried a little bit of ecstasy."  The way I said it I would later find to be distinctive to MDMA intoxication.  "You are going to have the best time of your life."  That statement surprised the crap out of me.

I asked him if he had tried it and he explained he did it back in school.  I had never guessed as my time in school was spent between studying, drinking, and sex, but no drugs.

"You want some?" I chirped.  He said yes and I uncovered the plate.  He had never seen it in crystalline form before so he asked how to use it.  I weighed him out 150mg and he poured it on his tongue.  Then he warned me that he was experienced, but I should not go anywhere to talk to anyone.  The second he said that I thought "Holy crap, people, yes people, I need to talk to people".  Soon as he was gone out the door I went.

Stopping at the closest convenience store I spent time walking around looking at stuff, talking to random people, and wishing that I had friends who did stuff like this besides the one who was gone to work.  When I realized I had been at the store for almost an hour I got myself the hell out.  I got in my car and turned on the radio. Holy crap this music was awesome.  Driving around with my windows down I waved at everyone and loved life, the people, the sky, and the air, the incredible, incredible air.  It just tasted so good, and filled the lungs with refreshing coolness. ##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

I realized that this is the way the world should be.  It was awesome, it was beautiful, and nothing mattered.  "Everyone should see the world this way" I thought.  I was so thankful that once in my life, even it is was only once, I knew what it was like to be truly happy.  Not high, messed up, stoned, or really any other intoxicated state, but truly happy.

For the first time in my life I knew what it was like to talk to people and truly care.  I don't believe I had experienced true empathy before.  I am diagnosed with PDD-NOS, slight autism, and my social skills are lacking.  I talked to people and I knew what to say.  Hitting the bar later and redosing (three of us now; me, my girlfriend and my friend) I introduced myself to new people and seemed genuinely interested in our conversations instead of off-put by my dryness and seriousness.  For the first time I felt like a member of the human race.  "So this is what it is like to feel normal."

A few years out from that experience, and several more that followed (I ended up sharing with A LOT of people) I look back and sometimes pine for that feeling again.  It is a chapter of my life that is closed until I get the guts to acquire some more again, but I am never going to forget it.