My intent in writing this is to share the most incredible and utterly mind blowing experience of my life with anyone out there interested in dmt. Keep in mind that I am still trippin a bit and still a little barred out, so my writing might not be 100% easy to understand or well written. I am 19 and have lived in Colorado my whole life, I go to a university here, and I had my first experience with dmt at Wakarusa music festival in Arkansas last summer. I take Xanax occasionally, it's basically a guilty pleasure, but I consider myself very responsible with drug use and I don't believe I have ever been addicted to any drug except for weed and alcohol (while having tried just about every popular illegal drug except for heroin, meth, pcp, and mescaline..it's easier for me to list drugs I haven't tried than ones that I have).

Recently I got my hands on some dmt again and tonight has been the most incredible night of my life. As a side note the best way in my opinion to smoke dmt is to dab it.

The first time I blasted off tonight, the first thing that I remember was seeing my first name and the word waka (short for Wakarusa music festival from the previous summer, when I first saw a 'spirit' on dmt) appear in my field of vision. I was in another world, utterly focused on these letters, and it occurred to me that it was incredible that waka, of all words, would pop up, because the first time I ever saw a spirit was at waka. The next thing I remember is feeling the presence of sprits around me, I could see them but it was as if I could only catch glimpses of them before they moved away (at waka I saw a VERY visually detailed American indian chief wearing a headdress and smiling at me, he definitely did not attempt to stay out of my field of vision, I could see him very clearly). I could tell that the spirits were very pleased to see me and that they had been waiting for me to smoke enough dmt to come back to their world again like I had at waka. The next thing that happened is I saw my friend Nick snowboarding, which is something that I have recently seen in life, and since I know that dmt is connected to dreaming, it occurred to me that I was seeing nick snowboarding because I had likely dreamed that recently. That was my first blast off of the night.

My second blast off was even more incredible. I was staring at a poster of Bob Marley, and he came OUT of the poster and I was literally chillin with the spirit of Bob Marley for a while. This literally almost made me cry tears of joy, I couldn't believe that Bob Marley was in the same room as me. My memory of this trip is a little worse since it was the middle one out of three trips that night.

On my third trip of the night I didn't see any spirits and I closed my eyes for most of it. With eyes closed it was as if I was in an INCREDIBLY intricate and beautiful eye-candy three dimensional world. I have to stop writing now because I need to go to sleep (it is somehow 4am). In conclusion: I believe that dmt is connected with dreaming, and that it is DEFINITELY possible to see spirits with the use of this incredible drug. I hope that atleast someone enjoys reading this/reads it all the way through. peace