Allow me to preface this by saying that I, prior to this experience, had never done any drugs, other than smoking cigarettes. I have always been curious, but I went through a severe 'good girl' phase, then immediately began a job that does hair drug tests every 3 months and random pee tests in between. When my boyfriend and I began talking about mushrooms, I did my research- read tons of  experience reports, researched the side effects, likelihood to come up on a drug test, etc. It was decided that we would take the mushrooms at his house, in as a controlled environment as possible.

His roommate, who was participating in the trip with us, was not to get off work until 3, which is when we planned to eat the mushrooms. We ate breakfast around 8 and lunch around 1130, to curb off any potential nausea from eating the mushrooms later.

We downloaded a visualizer, set up a playlist of soothing music, and made arrangements for our dogs to each be in individual crates at my house. We knew if we let them out right before we headed up to his place, they would be more than fine until we were ready to come back down and get them.

Around 2, we headed back up to his place to get everything set up. We put on comfortable clothing, hooked the tv up to the laptop, weighed out each person's dose (they were to take full doses, a teenth each, while I was supposed to take slightly less and then decide in an hour if I wanted more) and waited for his roommate to get home. I was relaxed, feeling that I had done my research and was in the right mindset, and would have no ill effects. My boyfriend was a little antsy, because he had never tripped with a girlfriend before, and because he had a better idea of what we were in for. :). I finally told him he was freaking me out and needed to calm down, so we sat and watched some Friends, trying to drink water and relax.

His roommate got home at 305. He ate his mushrooms whole, chewing them up before swallowing. My boyfriend and I both crumbled them into a piece of paper. He then chucked his into his mouth and started chewing, washing it down with a swig of coke... I put a little bit of coke in my mouth, put the mushrooms in and chewed them a little bit, then swallowed them like a  mouthful of pills. I didn't think they tasted too terrible, it was mostly the texture that was off-putting. I went to brush my teeth because there was some stuck in my teeth and it was annoying me. Then we all sat on the couch and waited.

My boyfriend started feeling the effects first, sweating bullets. His roommate then started to sink back into the couch, talking about how cool the colors and everything else were. I took a little bit longer to feel the effects- either because I wasn't sure what to be looking for, or possibly because of all the water and cola in my stomach. 

The first thing I noticed was my hands and feet feeling like they weren't attached to my body- I kept flexing them, rubbing them on the texture of the couch. My boyfriend and his roommate went out on the porch to smoke, and while they were outside, the effects really started to sink in. My boyfriend came back in and asked how I was feeling- and I said that it felt like right before an orgasm, when your whole body is in anticipation and you can't wait for the release. He sat down with me and we watched the visualizer and listened to Pretty Lights. There was a segment of the visualization that was black and white, drawings of stick people in the park. I was fascinated by it and we paused it on that one, staring at it and feeling like we were exploring.

I hadn't taken enough to really have hallucinations like I had read and heard about from many people- my boyfriend and his roommate were talking about the trees outside and the floor moving, and I didn't really see any of that. The only time I thought the floor was moving was when I was looking at their hardwood floor. One of the knots in the wood looked like a bug, and I remember the roommate repeatedly trying to smoosh it, and being confused as to why it wouldn't die.

About 430, the guys went back outside to smoke again. I didn't want to go with them, and I thought that I would be ok- but right before they went out, I had been rubbing all over my boyfriend's arms and back, fascinated with how different his skin felt than normal. As soon as they were outside, I started to freak out- I wanted to be touching him again, to know that he was RIGHT THERE if something was to go wrong. He was back in just a couple of minutes and I snuggled in.

The entire time we had been tripping my eyes had been watering- I wasn't crying, or upset, but my eyes were tearing up something fierce. 

Around 500, I had kind of gotten used to the feeling, and wanted to explore a little bit. I think I knew I was nearing the end of my peak and wanted to make the most of it. We turned on the Lego Marvel Superheroes game and the effects were incredible. I was really enjoying running around and seeing everything, but got mad when I had to beat a boss to get to the next level. My boyfriend defeated it for me and I explored the next level before hitting the same wall, and we turned it off.

Just before 600, I was feeling fairly normal, so I shut the door when I went to the bathroom. My boyfriend had gone just before me, and I think that what I was hearing was the toilet tank refilling- but to me, it sounded like the bathroom was flooding. I ended up crouched on the floor, searching for the leak, and being concerned about the waste of water- and that is how my boyfriend found me when he came looking a few minutes later.

As we were coming down, a friend came over to hang out with us for a few minutes- right about 600. By the time he left about 700, my boyfriend and I were feeling pretty normal- since the roommate had eaten his whole, they were taking longer to digest, and he was still tripping when we went down to get the dogs.

I think that the 2 mile drive to my house took longer, simply because we were still hyperaware... We got to my house, fed the dogs, let them out, and then brought them back up to my boyfriend's.

I never experienced any nausea- as I said, the only 'ill' effect was the eye watering, which wasn't really that bad, just inconvenient. I did get frustrated at one point because my glasses were on... I wanted to be able to see, but when I had them on, I could see the frames, which was for some reason very irritating.

I intend to try mushrooms again, admittedly in a different setting. The light turning to dark in mid-trip was a little disconcerting, and I would like to experience it with just my boyfriend and feel like I could have free reign to enjoy the experience. I also think that next time, knowing what I know now, I will take a full hit, in order to have the complete experience.