DMT my first experience

Dimethyltryptamine also known as DMT appeared to me as a way to experience the unknowns and expand my mind and knowledge, also to find the inner me. I was teenager when I first used this substance, it was my first psychedelic experience. Not only was the experience very influencial, I was able to explore the unknowns.
	
I was in a small room with orange and yellow striped walls, it was about 7:30 p.m.  I was sitting on a pillow in front of the bed, with the Grateful Dead music station playing fairly loudly. There was minimal light, because the only light source was the light of two candles. The taste of the chemical burning on the foil did not have the most pleasant taste, as I inhaled it with a blue straw. I took about six consecutive hits. The first five I could do myself because the effects had not kicked in fully, but the final hit, I could not hold it with my own hands, I needed assistance. The effects were starting very rapidly. 
	
My vision began to blur. I looked up at the walls above the televison, the yellow and orange striped walls began to spin together as if they were mixing to become one color. My perception  of time was lost, the only way I could keep track of how long it had been was by the number of Grateful Dead songs that I had listened to during the trip. Although this had been my very first psychedelic experience It felt fantastic, at one point the question 'Am I alright?' passed through my mind. I was in an unfimilar place, I knew I was okay. My mind was in another realm, but my body itself felt like it was being shot through a tube into the vast unknowns. The effects began to wear off, but ever so subtle. I slowly gained my perception back to its original state.
	
Four Grateful Dead songs had passed, I felt completely normal again, but the experience was unforgettable. As the effects first started to wear off, I was still having vivid visuals but not as intense as before, my hands were clammy. As the visuals began to fade away, I realized it was over.