My Experience With Psilocybin Magic Mushroom

The other day I tried "magic mushrooms" which contain psilocybin, the compound that gives you the psychedelic experience. I started off with 3 quarters of an 8th and boiled it into a tea mixed with honey. I've been told that it can cause nausea so I smoked a little Indica in the beginning long before the effects of the mushrooms. This was done to counteract any nausea I may have felt. 

It was about 30 minutes before I started to feel the effects on my body. My neck began to tingle and all the joints in my body were beginning to feel funny. It was sort of like a sore feeling, but not exactly painful, the kind off soreness I get after a workout. It sort of felt like I was a machine and the gears in my body needed greasing making it difficult to move. The mushrooms were grounding me in one place so I could sit still and not be restless, forcing me to take on the experience with little distraction.

Music was playing in the background and I closed my eyes. With my eyes closed all I could see were the most amazing fantastic images and patterns that are pretty hard to describe. I remember thinking "Wow, every music video should be like this".

Sometimes when I closed my eyes I was witnessing things, and sometimes when I closed my eyes I was fully immersed in the picture and an active participant in what was going on. I remember  being in a cartoon world where I was in the sky and there were a lot of neon light patterns passing through me. I was on some sort of rocket surf board cruising through the sky that was a kaleidoscopic tapestry of multiple images of me simultaneously moving in the same direction. Another moment I was in this beautiful jungle. I headed toward a cave in the jungle region and there was a bar inside the cave. Pineapples were people, and they were dancing, playing instruments, and pouring drinks and sitting down and smoking. They looked like the California Raisins, only difference is they were pineapples. Another time I was flying over a corn field and it just stretched for miles, the clouds and the sky were strangely at the ground level as well. Another moment I was in this futuristic dance room. A futuristic crystal looking disco ball was flashing colors of blue, purple, and pink. Everyone dancing was an alien and no 2 aliens were of the same race. It somewhat resembled the scene in Star Wars when all the aliens were dancing in the bar. The experience gave me an overwhelming sense of creativity. It really put me in the a frame of mind where I wanted to just create.

It felt like the top of my head was peeled open and a waterfall of creativity was poured into my skull. I had so many ideas rushing through my head. The next day I got to work on my laptop hashing out ideas and putting them into motion. Everything from business to music was being influenced in a profound way by a new surge of effortless brainstorming.

My experience was heavily influenced by the music I was listening to. Had I been in the forest or by myself with no music I imagine the experience would have been more inwardly. 

I began to ponder why mushrooms and all other psychedelics in general appeal to the creative right side of the brain and none enhance the logical left hemisphere. If mushrooms can put you on a wave length of high creativity, imagine if there was a mushroom that could do the same for your left brain. Sadly there isn't a "Limitless Mushroom".
