I have an average use of psychedelic, but this experience blows every other one away. 

Friday night I was going to stay up and trip with my friend L. My previous experiences with DMT in March were petty. There was a small amount of DMT and I did not take a decent hit. I was smoking hours before she got there. When she arrived at my house, we sat down and smoked a bowl. I put The Breakfast Club in and sat down. She commented on the smell of it as she pulled the DMT out of her bag. The material looked brownish, which was different from my previous experience. Last time, it was a white power-like substance. They both smelled the exact same. I will never forget that smell. I put a small amount of bud in the bottom of the bowl and then handed it to her. She loaded some of the DMT into the bowl and handed it back to me. I was nervous because of how fast it hits. I wanted to take a small hit and to have a little trip. When I lit the bowl, it filled up pretty fast, so I pulled the bowl out and took the hit (Around 1:30). After, I handed her the piece. Voices by Alice in Chains was playing through my speakers. 

The hit, I felt the hit once it hit my throat. The feeling followed the smoke all the way down to my lungs. I started to feel waves running through my bones and I stared at the wall. I started to get colder and colder. I watched the wall as the visuals quickly grew more intense. I have never seen visuals like these before. It was like the world was collapsing and reforming, continuously. The song started to slow down. The trip grew stronger and stronger. The smell enveloped me. My weight was disappearing and my center of gravity was disintegrating. And then I exhaled. I could feel my mind expand and start to be pulled away. I fought it, I didn't let the drug fully intake my conscious mind. Everything continued to intensify and I went higher and higher. I remember I was starting to panic. I was trying to interpret everything all at once. I was scared. But then I told myself that I needed to calm down. I focused and I told myself to stop freaking out. I got control of my head and then I left my body and reality.

When I I hit the peak, I was looking at the other side of the room. I couldn't feel anything. I didn't know who I was, where I was. Is this what death is like? Do I just sit here and see the same image forever? I could still hear the song. I remember how long it was. It seemed to last forever. I almost changed it. The visuals were unimaginable. The song wasn't slow, but it was clear and clean, yet distant. The visualizer on my laptop looked 3D. After an amount of time unknown to me, I moved. I could use my body again. It felt incredible to move. I felt energy run through my body. The music didn't sound right for a while, it continued to sound distant. The body trip is amazing and I can still smell it. L comments on how intense it is. I am still in a state of disbelief about what happened. 

Everything started to look normal again (Sometime after 1:50 a.m.), but I still felt different. I started to shake, almost uncontrollably, for a couple of minutes, which L said was normal. She eventually left and I stayed up and waited until I could easily fall asleep, about 5 a.m. 
*****
It has been almost a week. Numerous times throughout the day my mind wanders and I remember the trip. When I smoke bud, if I ponder on the trip for too long, I start trembling for some reason. My highs have also been more intense lately. They intensify when I think about the trip. I have had a few flashbacks.