##EROWID_NOTE:IMPURE_MDMA##

So, to give you a bit of background information on my past drug use, I have indulged in the recreational use of 2CP, 4HO-MiPT, MXE, Speed ( vyvanse ) Mushrooms and I am a daily marijuana user. Also, I am diabetic type 1.

The night started out spontaneously, while on a gander around the neighborhood, a friend of mine who's tripped on molly a few times, scooter, was talking about wanting something fun to do that night. Knowing his love for molly, I suggested we take some. He was down, so I immediately texted my best buddy Kat to ask if he was down.  Kat was busy, and my dealer who had the molly was occupied, so I put my mind towards other thoughts, such as getting drunk. Kat told me he would be in the area within an hour, so I tried my best to get this liquor, it being sunday, the liquor store closed at 5, it was  9:00, there was no way I was getting liquor. After some time had passed, my dealer messaged me saying he'd be at my destination in around 15-20, I didn't know what to think, but I figured no backing down now, so I waited and purchased 3 points of molly. 

Each of us took a point after Kat arrived, I was very nervous as this was my first time rolling and same with Kat, but we trusted scooter and he told us we would be fine. After about an hour Scooter and Kat were getting high, I got picked up by my girlfriend and we drove around for a little bit. We took the molly @ 10:40-45, I got my girlfriend to pick Kat up and we went to her house, I thought I was high in the car, I had an extreme feeling of Euphoria, and it was over an hour in, I figured this was the Molly high and excepted it for what it was, although this wasn't much, Until I sat down and got warm.... My whole body was engulfed in a heat flash, head to toe, and my pupils started to absorb the color in my eye. 

Kat's eyes looked like this as well, and I knew as soon as I stood up that we were rolling. The colors intensified a bit, the room seemed a tab bit larger ( the molly I took was very full of MDA as well ) but all around I was feeling good, except I was very, very warm. At around 1am I found myself lying in my boxers in front of a fan in my girlfriends room during a conversation between her, I and Kat. I got very bored of this and decided I needed a cigarette, so Kat and I stepped outside to have one. 

We decided we would go on an adventure, so we went on a 45 minute walk around the subdivision, and the entire time we were high as balls. Kat wouldn't shut up about how great of a time he was having, I agreed, the Euphoria was very intense, I was having an awesome time as well. Kat and I ended up smoking 3 or 4 cigarettes and heading back with my last one, which was later consumed anyways despite the efforts to save it until the morning. When we returned to my girlfriends house, she was asleep, so we decided to sit out on the deck and smoke some pot. We must have hit 10 bowls each before heading to bed, at this time it was 3:30, and we both agreed we were coming down. I said good-night to Kat, and I joined my girlfriend in her bed. I was still very awake, but yet also quite tired, so my girlfriend and I cuddled and watched a movie until about 5am when I passed out. I had been drinking plenty of water throughout the night, upwards of a a liter and a half was consumed. 

The next day, at around 11am I had to pee very bad. I went to the washroom, did my thing, then went back to bed and fell asleep. At around 2:00PM I woke up, I had the worst feeling, almost as if I had drank. My stomach felt like shit, my vision seemed alright but my thoughts were a bit clouded and I was pretty light feeling. At around 2:30 I threw up once, in the toilet a yellow substance rather abundant but only enough to cover one puke. This was stomach acid I have come to believe, and that I would have had nothing to worry about as it was just my body trying to get over the hangover. I got in the shower and was feeling better, drank more water, laid down in front of the fan. at around 3:00, I threw up again, 5 streams, the same liquid. I have been contacting my dealer, he is telling me his vegetarian girlfriend had these same symptoms, and up to around every 15-20 minutes she would vomit the day after, then very sick for a few days. 

I personally believe that if it was my liver or kidneys I would have already been showing other signs, so I took my dealers word for it and continued to research. Finding out that mdma hangovers can come with vomitting and abundent #2's, I have been having a bit of both, but nothing much out of the ordinary within them. Later on in the day I arrived home, and I threw up twice, the same liquid, very watery as I had been consuming most of the day. Kat felt fine this morning, a little light as well, but Scooter said that he had the gut rot as well, almost as if he drank but has managed not to puke. I threw up twice in the own house, around 45 mins apart, but the second time I threw up, I threw up banana and gatorade, as I had tried to take some things down. Naturally, I am just throwing up the contents of my stomach, which to me means that it's nothing more than just a hangover I threw up once or twice more, but haven't now for 2 or 3 hours, I haven't ate much but took 2 tums and a childrens vitamin as well as my gatorade to refuel my electrolytes. Since taking the vitamin I have been feeling noticeably better, and everyone is telling me this is just a hangover.