Warning MDMA and Seizures

Up until this age of 22, I had done a number of drugs, so I was no stranger. I have been drinking alcohol since I was 16, smoked weed since I was 17, did Adderall once when I was 19, tripped on 'shrooms when I was 19, dropped acid once when I was 19, and snorted cocaine for the first time six months ago. Therefore, I had always wanted to roll on E, and I had decided that this would be my last hard drug to try. I also have no history of any medical problems, except for being asthmatic.

My best friend, Corey, and I decided that we would roll while I visited him at school. I had contacted my friend Alan, who also went to the same school, to provide the ecstasy since I knew he had rolled a couple times. I picked up the e [White domino], and Corey, Alan, and my friend Stacy, who I was staying with, went to her house. We had also gotten a good number of water bottles since we were afraid of dehydrating since he had heard stories about people rolling at raves and dehydrating.

Corey and I dropped the e at around one that Saturday afternoon. About half an hour later, we began feeling the effects and were listening to music, while Alan and Stacy watched us. I was drinking lots of water through the period since I feared of dehydrating. I remember I drank about a liter and a half of water without peeing in a short amount of time. 

About two hours into the experience, I began feeling nauseous and ran to the bathroom. I ended up vomiting water and came back out and told my friends. I didn't feel well after that, so I sat down and passed out on the couch.

The remainder of this experience I take from my friend's. About forty minutes after passing out, I began to shake on the couch, unconsciously. I was having a seizure. Alan put me on my side to make sure I didn't hurt myself, while Corey immediately called 911. Stacy cleared the way for the paramedics, who came within four minutes. I ended up having a second seizure at some point and stopped breathing.

Over the next twelve hours, I was put in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (ICU), which is the part of the hospital meant for patients with life-threatening illnesses. My parents were eventually contacted by my friends and drove up to the city I was in. 

The following day, I woke up at around five in the afternoon; that's 26 hours I had been unconscious in ICU. My friends came and visited me and were relieved to see me alive, along with my parents. The next four days, I was in the hospital and moved out of ICU that Monday in my own room in the regular unit, while the doctors treated my internal organs, such as my kidneys and muscles, which had been affected by my seizures. I spent a number of days there because my kidneys were almost completely damaged during my seizure and my bloodstream was out of whack. I was hooked up to an IV fluid the entire time. I also had my blood pressure taken at least four times a day and blood drawn at least twice a day. 

Right now, I have been discharged from the hospital; I was actually discharged yesterday afternoon. I have done a lot of research on what happened to me, and it is indeed rare. A number of factors are the cause of what happened to me, such that I drank too much water in a small amount of time, am very small, and am female. I had disrupted my salt imbalance due to my water intake and the ecstasy, which had caused my seizure. With additional research, I learned that one out of five people do actually die from what happened to me. I am forever thankful to my friends for their quick reactor skills that day or I wouldn't be living today.

