Firstly, like to state one has deep experience with drugs. From LSD back in the 90's, to opiates in the naughties, and everything else in between. My favourite hallucinogen has to be LSD, followed by Magic Mushrooms, finally psychedelic cacti. But, thats until I took a Mature specimen of cacti. 

Lets give some background on the cacti. It started life some 10 years ago as a cutting from the mother plant. The mother plant is alive and well, with her last cutting on show growing well in the greenhouse. I'd personally recommend keeping cacti out the greenhouse and indoors. Just some advice to novice growers...Water cacti twice a year, once in autumn/fall, once in Spring just before the onset of summer. The ingested cacti as stated grew with me for 10 years approx. and reached 12' in length, watered sparingly throughout those years, but never wrinkled through lack of water. Peruvian torch species/variety. Mature in body weight, grew in the UK sun mostly indoors on a southerly facing window.

The trip started with paranoia. I made a drink from the cacti by heating in a slow cooker with wine. That cooked approximately one hour. When I filtered the solution (To remove the cacti), thoughts of tiny spines from the cacti 'slipping thru' the net came on strong throughout the trip with associated sensations of spiky throat syndrome. One hour is never enough for a cacti brew, so as I waited for the trip to happen, I added water to the slow cooker and cooked the cacti for another 3.5 hours.

The cacti was simply sliced thin like potato chips/UK Crisps. Exposing as much inside surface area as possible to make sure the cacti brew cooks easy enough in time for the next dose.

By 3.5 hours into the trip, I recorded 1 hours worth of guitar music. Often listen to that recording when the moment suits. As stated, spiky throat syndrome predominated the trip. Up until taking the next dose, and being very careful to check the mix for spikes. About 30 minutes after ingesting the second dose, I felt tired/lethargic, and retired to bed. Dreams abound during this moment of waking, in complete darkness, I look at the ceiling of the room and state 'wow! What a beautiful sun set...' Not realising this was a major hallucination at the time. For the time was midnight. I just lay there, staring at all the colours, until I closed my eyes and started listening to the Peruvian Torch. She revealed to me her journey before arriving at my door.

Something about the mother plant being 'neutered' by the Feds during transit in the mail. All the people she spent time with. The places she had seen, finally commenting on my time with her. Showing me the room where she grew up with me. I felt guilty for eating the cactus. Thinking she could have lived longer if she had not developed root rot. Perhaps I could have treated the condition rather than the knee-jerk reaction to harvest so early on.

These specimens, according to images viewed on the net, show some growing several feet tall. I wish I could have taken her for that long. Definitely next time I harvest a cutting, I will make sure I leave a root behind, with cacti stump, for taking another mother plant into this world. Sure, the hallucinations are scary, when I talk to her, but the tahoma sunsets of psychedelic red and orange hues are out of this world. I take 12' of Peruvian Torch  for the mildest trip.