This was my 2nd time taking LSD, and I was prepared to go balls deep since the first time I had taken it, I barely had any visuals at all nor did I have an openness of mind / speech etc. 

My friends and I decided to start super early in the morning at 6 am which is insane I know, but my previous experience with acid I had started at noon and was still tripping by 8pm even though I had wanted to go home. So I drove over to my friends' house and we proceeded to take our tabs. 

I took 2 tabs, and we started walking to our tripping destination.  We really chose an awesome place to trip, a location that was secluded and had lots of space / nature / foliage to sit around and talk, and this location also had a beautiful view as well.  I noticed that I was starting to lose motor function and couldn't really walk up the hill very well, a 10 ft. incline seemed to me to be almost 50 ft. This is when I realized that I was starting to trip, and that this trip would definitely be a lot more intense than the first time I had taken it. 

At this point I was also starting to feel that everything was really funny, which I enjoyed, I have always been the type of person to find humour in everything, and this situation was no different. By the time we reached the spot, almost an hour later, my friends and I were all already tripping, we had one trip sitter, but this girl seemed like she was never sober, and it was my first time meeting her, so I wasn't quite sure what to make of her.  She ended up being one of my pillars later on during the trip. 

I sat down between two tree trunk roots and proceeded to sit in the same spot for the next 2-3 hours. Upon sitting down, I still had 2 more tabs in my pocket, and decided to take 1 more and split the other one with my friend. This was not a good idea, since I was already tripping I should have waited a bit longer but I didn't think I would have an opportunity like this again, so I took 1 more and split another half with my friend. 

An hour after that, 3 hours ish into the trip by 9:30 – 10 am, I was tripping really really hard.  I was unable to distinguish between reality and what was going on inside my mind.  By the time I thought to say something, my mind was already slipping into something else.  There was no difference between me closing and opening my eyes, because either way I still had a clear as a picture image of what I had just seen in my mind.  The entire world became a tracer, so every time I saw something I would see that image move along my entire scope of vision.  I didn't eat anything, and barely drank any water the entire time.  I also lost all sense of hearing, vision, etc. I felt that everything was captured in a picture and then when I saw something else, that scene would slowly drift into the next.  When I looked up at the sky, the sky had just become another part of this scene driftng.  

We had only brought 4 or 5 bottles of water, and were sorely unprepared for how dehydrated we would become.  I hated checking the time, because I had no concept of time, so I really couldn't understand how if it seemed as if I checked my phone every 10 minutes, but the time never changed.  This was really disturbing for me because I am usually a very time-conscious person. 

Apparently I kept on playing the same song over and over again, and this song also became one of my pillars, my friend whom I was tripping with was also another pillar, and my other friend whom had taken the same amount as me was another pillar.  I believe I had 4 pillars total, which was totally necessary because if I didn't have these people I would have lost my mind.  I had no concept of size, walking was impossible, I moved maybe 3 – 4 feet during that entire 8 hours that we were located at the tripping spot, but to me it felt like miles.  One of my friends was sitting at the same spot for an entire 8 hours, and I should have joined him, because he had the most incredible view of the city beneath us, the sky, and the landscape. 

My friends who had only taken 1 or 2 tabs were coming down at this point, around 4pm, and we all decided as a group to go back to the town, so began the long journey down the hill, it felt like hours to me, but of course to them it took maybe 20 min to get down the hill. 

I remember trying to eat a cookie as we walked down the hill, upon staring at the cookie I realized that it was morphing, I could see every molecule of the cookie roll back and forth as I tried eating it, I was extremely discouraged from eating it at this point, and I really did not want to bother this cookie, because I was convinced that it was a living being.  When I glanced up at the sky and the trees, I could see that everything was pulsating and alive.  Everything was beautiful and connected, I could see everything surrounding me breathing in a slow and gentle movement.  

By 6pm, we had moved to our other friends house and were just sitting and lounging around, when I walked into the room I swear that I was sunburnt, but when I went back outside to ask my friends, they said that nothing about my skin tone appeared out of the ordinary.  I realize now after shrooming, that I have a tendency to notice the red tones in my skin a lot more than usual.  I reapplied sunscreen and went back into the living room. 

We went to another friends' place to watch some television around 9pm, and I was still tripping although by this point it had settled down into a more marijuana high, which I dislike. I had a dentist appt. the next morning.  At 10pm, I decided to drive home, this was a HORRIBLE decision.  I was ok when I started the engine, but right when I started driving I knew that I should have put my car back in park.  I drove in circles for at least 30 minutes before getting onto the freeway, driving on the freeway was a whole other shithole because I was terrified to drive over 65, and could barely drive 40 mph,  I maintained a 60 mph speed the entire way back home, and that was the most horrifying drive of my entire life.  I tried listening to music so I could calm down, but the forest and trees were so luminous and dark.  My car was dark as well since it was nighttime, so that made it even more difficult to focus on the road.  That 20 min. drive turned into an hour and a half since I was tripping way too hard to drive and could not even drive the speed limit. 

Once I got home, it was so hard to get back up the stairs and into my room, I was too freaked out to turn on the lights and knocked over an entire table full of stuff since I was still tripping. I tried taking a shower, and when I looked in the mirror again my entire body was still really red (of course this was still in my imagination). 

In retrospect, I would probably never take that many tabs again, I think I would max out at 2.5 or 3, and I would also never let myself get in a car since that was really unsafe and could have put my life as well as others at risk. I was truly fortunate that I did not get hurt.  

I think I tripped too hard to gain any spiritual insight into myself, since I don't really remember what I saw since the peak of the trip I spent deciphering what was in my imagination and what was reality.