I took my first MDMA at the age of 28. My boyfriend and I took the same doses (125mg of crystals dissolved in water), but since my weight is inferior to his and since it was my first time, I felt the effects much more.

After only 10 minutes I started feeling sick and seeing all the furniture and objects in our living-room separating from the floor and getting some extra touch of their own color. As we have a very colorful living-room, I couldn't bear the sight of colors getting stronger and stronger, while our wood flooring was becoming a skating ring. I started hating myself for even trying it and doing that to myself, but my boyfriend hugged me and put on some relaxing music and only after 3-4 mins I was in a complete ecstasy that started with the warmth of a hug. But than I felt the urgency to stand up and move in such a harmonic way it never happened before. I felt for the first time in my life that my body was made only of one piece and that every movement I took was a movement of the whole body. I started rolling down on the floor and touching my face and my arms surprised by my velvety skin. I also felt incredibly light.  This velvety lightness made me realize the beauty of our bodies that we usually ignore. 

I don't want to sound trivial, as there's nothing trivial in MDMA happiness. The beauty I'm talking about is something archetypal and not good-lookness. A harmony with our body and therefore with nature is something we forget almost with our birth and that sensation of belongingness to nature (although we were in a concrete building) was something I didn't know to have.

The mdma didn't only bring me this velvety lightness that I in some way understood as archetypal femininity, but also and obviously the consciousness of love and some profound consideration on my life and my trip.

As far as I'm concerned, it's becoming my ritual of love in the MDMA religion, that is to be shared, since every shared experience is a twice (or pluri)-lived experience.