I first heard of DMT when I was about 16, I was always curious to the possibilities of it's apparently life changing experiences. However I knew if I wasn't ready I wouldn't be able to contemplate or benefit from the experience. It eventually came to a point where I thought I wanted to taste the endlessness, but not try to breakthrough as I wasn't ready for that kind of mental strain.

I couldn't really keep track of the time I felt specific things however the whole experience lasted around 20 minutes and the report below is written chronologically.

I'll skip the part how we got the chemicals to the point where me and my friend, who I will refer to as Cat in this report, was sitting in my room packing the bowls. We sandwiched the DMT powder in weed to ensure we didn't destroy the active compound when smoking it as we didn't have a vaporizer. As we was sit tripping and none of us had done it before we decided I would go first.

Instantly after smoking it I felt a growing numbness moving through my body, every breath started to get colder as I unwillingly leaned back and stared forward. I used every effort to look about my room noticing my vision was almost like a fish eye lens with everything I focused on more vibrant than the edges of my eyes. These moments were cut short when all my attention was focused on the chair fizzing across the room.

As I stared at the uncontrollably fizzing chair an intense feeling emerged as if I was moving at immense speed, I could now feel my heart beating throughout my entire body. The chair seemed parallel to me as it slowly started to fall to pieces in front of my eyes getting faster as the intense feeling increased. My eyes were drawn to what was behind the chair as it was coming apart, I could only describe it as a mess of blurred light.

That was the peak of my experience, I didn't smoke a lot so didn't break through. But I got exactly what I wanted from it and plan to try a higher dose in the future.

After I peaked I just lay back and got some slight CEV's for around 10 minutes. The feeling did linger inside me for a while but it felt kind of like a refreshed look on life.

