Time: 16:15
I arrived at my friend ( M's )  apartment with my other friend ( T ) where he and his girlfriend greeted me. The expected my arrival because we had planned doing this for a while. 
M had got his DMT of the Internet and it came concealed in a porn DVD. The actual powder was white and in a separate bag. I'm not sure how much he ordered in total but he said I would need about 60mg to have the full effect. 
 
Time: 16:20
M measured 60mg on his scale and put it in a vaporiser for me. T had left by this point to go get a haircut. M told me to try hold in the smoke ( vapour ? ) for as long as possible. I inhaled the drag and I've got to be honest it's possibly the worst tasting drug in existence. I'd been warned of its taste but I choked and exhaled anyway because I wasn't expecting it to be that bad. The next drag went a little better and I held it in. I immediately started to feel it. I felt as if I was accelerating backward from where I was sat ( M's bed ). Time slowed down incredibly and whilst was thing the video of me doing it that M's gf took I couldn't even come to terms with how slow it seemed at the time and how fast it went on the video.

Time: 16:30 ( approx ) 
M said I should use his homemade DMT machine instead of the vaporiser if I wanted to 'breakthrough'. Of course at this time I'm my life I was a total nut case and even though I had work in half an hour I thought why not. His 'machine' was a wine bottle with various pipes leading out. I was already tipping slightly so my detail is a little sketchy. However, the main principle is that the DMT + heat were at one end, and my mouth inhaling was at the drinking end of the wine bottle. It filled with smoke and I inhaled said smoke, sort of a huge wine bottle pipe.

Time: 16:35-16:37 ( approx )
I had successfully broken through. According to the word of my friends and the video I was lay face down in a blanket not moving, half undressed, and with a fan pointing on me to keep me cool. The experience is hard to recall for some reason but it was extremely vivid at the time. I remember being in space ( outer space ) and walking down into and orange basement made of glass. I passed a biker esque man on the steps downstairs but didn't speak to him. The basement contained intricate and beautiful glass sculptures and also areas that seemed to be openings into outer space. Such as where the walls and floor of the basement were missing. The breakthrough felt as if it lasted around 40-90 minutes but apparently I was only motionless for about 2.    

Time: 16:40 ( approx ) 
I had a delirious conversation with M's girlfriend about hospitals and vaginas. I remember  the conversation and how I said words before I had though of them. This went on until I suddenly became 'un-high' it wore off rapidly and after a drink and some chewing gum I felt exactly as I did before going to M's apartment. 

Time: 20:34
I HAD A FLASHBACK. I couldn't say for sure it was a flashback to the DMT experience but it happened on the same day so I assume so. I was sat at my computer and my surrounding looked like the vision through a kaleidoscope. I sat it out and enjoyed the visuals. It felt as if it lasted quite a noticeable amount of time ( 10-20 mins ) but after looking at my clock post flashback I noticed it had only been 1 minute . 

I haven't had another DMT induced flashback since that day.