I have done molly at least ten times. The first time I was really nervous. I wasn't really sure what the high was going to be like. So I took two capsules. It took about 20 minutes to kick in, and I was surprised by what it was like. 

I started to slowly become more talkative (in a good way). I was in a happier mood. I was nicer. I could literally walk up to anyone and start a conversation with them (and still seem normal). To other people, I just seemed like a happy and outgoing girl. 

On molly, I wasn't mean at all. If someone said anything that was even a little bit mean, I would say 'hey, that's not very nice.' I was also very forgiving on molly. Not only was I forgiving, but I always shared my feelings toward others that were deep inside me that I wasn't even able to realize existed until I was on molly. They were always nice feelings too. 

I wouldn't really say that you can get 'high' on molly because in my opinion, being high is like being fucked up. Not like drunk out of your mind or anything, just a little more crazy or out of control. If you think that molly is going to get you fucked, you're wrong. Molly simply just puts you in a better mood. And I'm not saying that it is boring. Because it is actually the complete opposite. 

On molly I am able to have fun doing absolutely nothing. I would just recommend having someone with you or having someone to talk to even if it is over a phone because on molly you think a lot and will want to talk to someone and share your thoughts and stuff with. 

Molly just makes me a more outgoing and outspoken person. I want to be involved with groups of people and just be around people so I can be the 'outgoing' person I want to be. 

Do not take all of the capsules at once. My first time I took 2, then when that started to wear off I took the third. Then the rest of the times I have done it, I took one, waited like 30 minutes, took the 2nd, waited about 35-50 minutes and then took the third. You can really take as many as you want as long as they are spaced out. The molly I got was usually $15 per capsule but sometimes was $20. 

If you are going to do molly, have fun and be safe!!