Introduction: It has been 1 day since my first shrooms trip and psychedelic experience. I haven't done any drugs apart from frequent marijuana smoking and the occasional drink during a football game. I had been trying to acquire mushrooms for a couple months without much luck. One Saturday as I was trying to get my hands on some LSD a friend texted me saying that his connect had just finish growing some mushrooms. I took the bus through the Lincoln tunnel with my best friend (Lets call him Kevin) over to the Times Square area of Manhattan. I got the shrooms from my friend and now I was just waiting for the right time.

T-0:00- It's been a week since I got the shrooms and it's a a good Friday night so I decide to eat them with 2 of my friends Kevin and Christian. We each eat about 2 grams of some dried mushrooms trying not the puke.

T-0:30- We went to a nearby skatepark to smoke a blunt and take care some the nausea that may come up although I did not feel any during the trip. The mushrooms were starting to kick in as a pretty intense body high came in. I could feel the location of my limbs as I normally do. A weird sensation came in my right ear like when your ears clog when going up in an airplane but only in the right. Although there was some loss of coordination I had no trouble walking.

T-1:00- The three of us have been walking around town for awhile as I get some visuals. The floor of the sidewalk was warping as if had waves running through it. Lights seemed bright and pretty. My friend Christian exclaimed how 'shrooms is poppin'. My mind was very relaxed and euphoric at this point. Me and Christian were laughing at everything we could especially the people that walked by as they sent us into uncontrollable laughter. We were speaking loudly with some stuttering and tongue twisting as Kevin was the only one that could maintaining composure.

T-2:00- The three of us met up with another friend who was sober that night and said he would watch us trip. I could tell by his face that he was uncomfortable in the situation watching us all trip as he never even smoked weed before. I had the strange feeling of empathy and I could feel the energy that everyone gave off. It was incredible the insight I got in analyzing others almost as if I could feel for them. I could feel the vibes that everyone gave off with impressive accuracy.

We decide to go grab some food before heading to the movies although I did not eat anything I just was not hungry. Everything was starting to fall apart in inside the fast food restaurant. I was worried for all of us as Kevin received calls from his mother and girlfriend about some issues. Christian was losing it when asked if he was done eating he responded 'What is eating' I didn't find it very funny as I tried to grasp reality. Although I knew my name and address I could not associate with that person or relate to my past memories. Memories were vivid but I felt as if I just wasn't that person. Inside the Burger King with all the colors I had some pretty intense visuals as I saw tables tilt, colors shift and menus warp.

T-3:00- We made it to the movie theaters still feeling a lot of confusion. I did not know how to position my hands and looked blankly into my phone as I could barely put words together for a text. I could easily text although It would take me a good 5 minutes to figure out the 'perfect' words to write. Throughout the movie me and Christian carried a full philosophical conversation about life and everything that comes with it. An amazing clarity of thought and comprehension of the deepest concepts I could imagine came about. My thoughts came with ease and analyzing everything to a new level of understandment was the best feeling imaginable.

T-4:00- We step out of the the theatre with our jaws dropped just exclaiming 'wow'. The positive vibes in the air were incredible and so mucbh that our anti-drug friend asked when we were doing this again. Fascinating! A person could see the euphoria these shrooms made us feel and wanted to try for himself.

We were walking to a spot to smoke a final blunt at the end of the night that had a view to NYC. We spoke about how beautiful this world was and how topics like physics, chemistry and other sciences relate to the world. How geniuses like Isaac Newton made such big contributions to society. Without him explaining gravity and the laws of physics we would have no planes, cars and many other inventions. Amazing how people like this could take the time out of their life to think about incredible concepts that no one has ever heard before. We analyzed a quote with clarity and meaning: 'We live in a positive and progressive world when our fathers plant the seeds to trees that they will never enjoy the shade of'. This had so much meaning and the world had so much beauty. I felt as if I could die and not be worried but rather just be happy because I got the chance to live.

T-6:00 I'm laying in my bed listening to music still feeling the mental clarity trying to decipher everything I learning. I had the best feeling that I could ever imagine and felt extremely positive about everything in my life. Eventually I fell asleep. I woke up the next morning and my mind felt dull. I still felt very happy and positive but the racing thoughts and mental clarity were not there.

Conclusion: The little mushrooms that grow on cow dung have amazing power. I believe that it is not for everyone and there must be careful planning and preparation before trying them.  When you try these always go in with the right mindset and in the right setting. If you find yourself spiraling out of reality just remind yourself that everything will be alright and that these shrooms are just incredible mind medicine. 

Good luck and happy trippin!