Preface: I have been smoking marijuana for 5 years. I have had lots of good times on drugs, but nothing too out there. Recently I have discovered a more spiritual side to substances through the use of LSD and mushrooms. After listening to a lot of elders speak, I came to the conclusion that the best way to use a substance is to open yourself up to it fully, and go into the experience with intention and focus. Now on to the experience...

It was around 3am, I'm not too tired, and I was ready to get real skroned off some of that good good georgia green.  I resolve to take the biggest bong hit I have taken in many moons. Partly because we havent had a bong and I miss them dearly and also purely for the experience. Load up a big bowl all the way, probably .5g-1g in there, looking supah spicy. I then take about a minute and pray. I pray first to the earth for allowing me to live and this plant to grow from it. I then pray that the pot will show me what it wants to show me. I was opening myself up to the biochemical message of my holy sacrament. 

Suddenly, a spark flashes to flame in the dark of the room, air pulls downward as I then focused my energy inward in the same moment that I began to inhale through the bong.  The purest white smoke formed and undulated within it as I prepared myself for the oncoming rush. 
Pull.
Bubbling ensues strongly.

I lay back almost as if flung, as the massive amount of smoke rushing into my suspecting lungs. It took me a few minutes to maintain all my faculties because of the the obvious coughing fit that would follow such an endeavor. I couldn't speak for the next 10 minutes or so as my mind was flooded with information regarding my past, current, and future plans. It was intense state of self-reflection and self-criticism. This was a difficult but also intensely positive experience. The first thing I said as I regained my ability to speak was, 'That was fucked up, but in a good way.' We all laughed like hyenas, and as intensity of the marijuana session decreased, I faded slowly into a greatly appreciated slumber.