I became interested in hallucinogenics about 16 years ago. I tried LSD (microdots, blotters, liquid etc) mushrooms, salvia etc. Then one day, a now very good friend of mine, asked me if I'd like to try some N,N-DMT. He described it as the most hallucinogenic short lived experience he had ever had, lasting about 10 mins. He also said it's native to our bodies and stored in the pineal gland and was, in fact, in the majority of living things. My inquisitive mind told me that our bodies have been hard wired to receive this compound for as long as humans or our ancestors have been on this planet. So that was it! I told him to load the pipe up! 

He put some chilled music on and as he loaded the glass pipe up he talked me through how to take it. One toke, hold and release. Second toke, hold and release. Third toke, HOLD...for as long as possible!! After the second toke I started to feel a little unusual, like the room had shrunk in on me. The third toke hurt a little, but I held it nonetheless. As I held the third toke in my vision started to change. Small hexagonal lattice, almost like a honey comb effect (or maybe what a fly would see with its compound eye) was my vision. Very hard to describe. As I breathed out and released the music I was listening to sounded like it was playing backwards and underwater. The floor disappeared, the walls were there for a second or two and then BOOM! I was in a realm of never seen before colours and geometric patterns rapidly changing to the beat of the music. An overwhelming sensation of wow/wtf/omg/this can't be happening flooded my thoughts which seemed to very slightly break down and dissolve the intensity of the trip. So i let go of my thoughts and let this beautiful compound take hold of me. It was like having the trip of 20 acid in a few minutes. Then my hallucination became symmetrical, making sense, moving with fluidity and stunning colours, almost like a kaleidoscope. This was the most intense trip I had up until then. It felt extremely spiritual, as if I was tapping into another dimension, realm, or frequency. As if my brain/spirit was detecting parts of the other 96% of matter that exists within the universe. 

Anyway... I had no perception of time, just powerful rushes of pleasure pulsating through my body in sweet synchronisation to the music in the background (Which didn't sound like it was meant to by the way lol) The visuals were immense, indescribable, inexpressible! I don't think words exist to explain the feelings or visions you have whilst on this simple compound. As the 'drug' started to wear off the room appeared again. The music started to sound like it should. The floor appeared but was moving. The wooden floor was breathing and looked almost fluid, like I was on shrooms. The hallucinations wore off slowly and nicely giving me a sense of warmth throughout my entire body. I felt myself beginning to smile at awe of what just happened. Dr Jay (the doser) said 'U alright son?' and giggled. I sat there gobsmacked, hand on jaw and giggled back, lost for words. I felt the overwhelming feeling of thanking Dr Jay. So I shook his hand and thanked him as if he were a Messiah or something. A very weird experience. 

The trip lasted about 8mins. This is the bonus of taking such a short lived hallucinogen. If I have a bad one..it is only 8 mins not 8 hours like the rest of the more powerful trips out there.  

I could go on forever about my experiences on DMT as this was not my last. The experience is mind blowing and very spiritual.  This 'drug' should be treated with respect and never abused. This compound has changed me for the better. I now see things for what they are, respect others more, show more empathy and love for things. It has opened my mind to what is really going on in this world. The bigger the dose the more intense and deeper the rabbit hole goes. God/alien like entities appearing in my trip and communicating with me in ancient languages. Hieroglyphic style scripts/tablets appearing in mechanical type cog systems that are trying to tell me something?? Spinning cores of knowledge that won't let me in. Unlimited as to what can happen.  However, chilled psychedelic music does help a lot as it sets the tone for the fluidity and synchronisation of the hallucinations.

THE MOST POWERFUL HALLUCINOGEN IN THE UNIVERSE???  

...so far I believe so!