I took notes during a recent LSD trip. This is the transcript. 

5:00 p.m. Take half a tab, instant light high.
5:20 p.m. Everything is visually sharper and more vibrant than usual, some floating neon patches of color.
5:45 p.m. Colors even more vibrant, heart racing, warm feeling in chest. 
6:15 p.m. The effects seem to be getting stronger with each mood boost that comes over me (the strengthening in intensity definately seems to be caused by the mood boosts, not the other way around). I choose to go outside.
6:50 p.m. After locking myself out of house, come back and peak 
6:57 p.m. No longer doubt if 'it's working.' I'm riding my bike and it feels like the pedals are getting taller and shorter, very intense.

8:08 p.m. Yep, everything makes sense now, I'm sitting on a bench by the river listening go the JCS soundtrack and smoking a cig and I feel so good, everything is perfect. 
9 p.m. Oh it's HERE. 
9:20 p.m. Renewed zest for the trip. 
9:40 p.m. Vivid patterns in the darkness, lose some sense of spatial reality (dreamlike) 
9:44 p.m. Grasp the magnitude and power of the Willamette river for the first time ever on the Autzen footbridge.
12:21 a.m. Don't try to communicate with non living beings, success would result in a complete psychotic break. 
1:43 p.m. Haven't slept, still having tactile hallucinations (things I'm wearing or touching melting into me) the visuals are mostly subtle.
2:57 p.m. I swear the objects are creaking more than usual. 

3:01 p.m. It feels like most everyone else is just saying 'come on, get on with it' when it comes to collective consciousness, but only for fleeting moments. Everything has been synced up all night (my thought patterns with the noises coming from the inanimate objects, as if to punctuate the thoughts) it makes some of what I'm thinking seem very meaningful. Reinforces my belief that psychedelics activate some sort of extra sensory perception, or that taking them encourages other forms of consciousness to attempt contact. 

3:39 p.m. Good healthy shudder 
3:40 p.m. I'm comfortable again.

[Reported Dose: "1/2 tab, very STRONG stuff really soaked it good"]