I am quite an experienced drug user. Not something I'm proud of. Lots of nights I wish I could take back. Except for my first and only experience with pure MDMA. Now, I've had it before in the form of Ecstasy. Although, most of those were full of speed and there's no telling how much MDMA was actually in them. I still enjoyed all my experiences on them, but none of them compared to those clear capsules of that white powder. 

This took place around Feburary of 2011 during Mardi Gras. In the city I lived in at them time, Mardi Gras was huge. Everyone in the city showed up to the parades to drink on the streets, grill, and basically party all day long. This always included a lot of walking. You may start at one end of the parade route, but you have a lot of friends at the other end, so you would walk 2 or 3 miles to visit them, and you'd normally run into other people you know along the way. Then, you'd have to walk back those 2 or 3 miles to your vehicle, still running into more people you know. So you're on your feet for more than 6 or 7 hours straight and you've walked around 6 miles. 

Now, I'm not a huge fan of drinking so I noticed when walking began to hurt (unlike my plastered friends that were with me the whole day; C, M, O, and J). The parade hadn't started yet, but it was about to begin, and we still had about a mile and a half to go before we made it to the spot all of our other friends congregated. I tried to sit, but my friends urged me to continue. About thirty minutes more of walking, I began to feel an enormous amount of pain in my left hip. At first it was tolerable but I just felt like something was wrong. Peer pressure got the best of me and I continued to walk. We finally made it to our spot, and the parade was still thirty minutes out. I was able to get my mind off of it while conversing with everyone until the parade started. I was able to sit during the parade, and the pain lessened significantly. When the parade ended we began to walk again. 2 miles in, that's when it happened.

I felt a pop and my hip was set on fire. It felt like a hot grinder started turning my bones to powder. The feeling was excruciating. I had to sit while my friends continued to walk to my car to come back and get me. Again, the pain lessened a bit while I sat, but nowhere near as much as it did earlier. I got in the car letting C drive, and we dropped off M, O, and J while C and I went to have some sushi with my girlfriend. While we were waiting for our food a look came over C's face and he said "Dude, we gotta go now." Of course I questioned him over and over, but he wouldn't say anything other than "dude, I'm not kidding we gotta go." So I told him to go to the car and I got our food to go. When I got in the car, C informed me that M had obtained some "Molly" (MDMA) and that he had some waiting for me when we got back if I wanted it. Originally, none of them intended to offer me any (I know, great friends right?), but the euphoria of the Molly put them in some very giving moods. 

We got back to the house, and the techno was already blasting in the living room, girls had come over, and M was running around with his shirt off (this happened frequently when M got intoxicated.from anything). M immediately ran to the car and handed me a clear capsule full of white powder. By this point I was seriously considering going to the ER due to the immense amount of pain radiating from my hip up and down my entire left side. However, I decided this was a once and a lifetime opportunity (Molly is extremely hard to obtain where I'm from) and whatever was wrong with my hip could probably wait until the morning. I hobbled to the bathroom and parachuted the white powder. I went back to the party, and watched all my friends having a good time. I began hitting on this beautiful girl I'd never met before (she's now my fiancé), and generally just trying to take my mind off the pain. Around 25 minutes in I began to feel the effects.

The first thing I noticed was the pain began to lessen significantly. Then I started talking and loved every second of the act. The techno began sounding amazing to me, and all the glow sticks and colored lights in the house looked awesome. 45 minutes in the hip pain stopped completely. I literally felt nothing at all. Opiates do kill pain, but only the edge of pain, they never take it away. Molly completely took my pain away, it was incredible. 2 hours in, I felt the peak and proceeded to offer glow stick light shows to anyone that wanted them. After giving one of my best to M as well as offering him my vick's vapor inhaler (I had a stash of them in my room from previous ecstasy experiences) he handed me two more capsules. I went to the bathroom and parachuted a second one. 3 hours in I began to notice the second one, and all I wanted was to give a massage to the girl I flirted with earlier. She was and still is way out of my league, but the MDMA wanted it so I decided to give it a shot. Apparently her MDMA wanted it too, so we went back to my bedroom. 2 hours of just enjoying each other's touches she told me she'd already had 4 orgasms and we hadn't even had any type of intercourse yet. I decided to go ahead and take my third one as the first and second peaks began to overlap. Not wanting to leave her out of the experience, I went to M who was on the roof smoking a bong to obtain another one for her. He had already had four so he needed almost no persuasion. We took our last pills together and just took turns massaging each other and enjoying the music until the next peak came. I was almost 7 hours in when I began feeling the best I've ever felt on any drug in my life. I could tell she felt the same way and we began to have sex for 3 more hours. We only stopped because we we're too exhausted to continue. We just laid there in each other's arms and drifted to sleep.

I've never been able to fall asleep on Ecstacy, and the come down was never a good experience without the help of another substance. But, the come down from Molly was almost non-existent. We just fell asleep. Unfortunately when I awoke the pain was back, and feeling worse than before. My future wife made me go to the hospital, and stayed with me the entire time. I later found out the labrum or cartridge around the femoral head had completely torn away, and my femur had been grinding against the socket. However, that night was the best drug experience I have ever had, and it helped me obtain the love of my life. I have had hip resurfacing surgery and eventually hip replacement surgery at age 26. Even if that night caused my hip to become worse (which is doubtful, my doctors have all said it happened during the while I was walking), I still wouldn't take it back for anything.