 Old vial I had been saving for about 2 years. I was nervous about blasting off so I saved it until the right time.

I kept it in the vial. Dry in the dark without any major temperature fluctuations. No loss in potency.

I tried a sprinkle and noticed a body high for about 5 minutes. I tried a larger sprinkle after that. Body high comparable to a nice keif hit both times. No visuals.

I empty the rest of the vial. Finger nail sized pile about the size of a penny. No exact mass recorded.

The powder melted onto the green very fast, the green looked coated with something and burned very slow.

Body high present after hits one and two. Tracers began shortly after the third hit (my hand looked kaleidoscopic). I finished the bowl with a 4th hit and closed my eyes.

I notice orange and yellow patterns that anthropomorphize. Faces emerge on the vaulted patters in my eye lids.

The colors shifted toward a more electric blue and grey. I notice more faces with eyes that look into my own. I felt like I was in church or something. I remember these two faces that looked like the heads on Easter Island, glowing with blue energy that seemed to flow everywhere.

The blue electric light was moving into everything. It looked like I was inside an all encompassing, living, breathing, computer motherboard. The colors became more and more rapid. Then I noticed that I was a part of the hallucination. I saw myself in a sea of colors and spirits. The only OBE I've experienced on DMT.

I started to think 'How will I ever get back home? How will things ever be normal again?' That's when the faces started to laugh at me. 'Know your place, child.' is what they told me...

I opened my eyes and forgot they had ever been closed in the first place. The room was still there, I was still there. I looked out my window and watched the cirrus clouds turn into a Buddha. Normal perception gradually returned.

Now, as I type this, my world is completely dull. Normal. Drab. I'm having difficulty remembering all the details of it. I don't think it's possible to remember all the details. An experience so far out of the ordinary will not fit in the parameters of every day life.

I'm writing this as a reminder that DMT is a wild as it sounds. That the visuals really happened. And that there is much more to this than the few snap shots I will remember a few months from now...