Morgantown, West Virginia. Home of the Mountaineers. Approximately 9 o'clock on a Friday night. Drinking, dancing and smoking weed like any other typical Friday night. Then, out of the blue... I see a friend pull out a small baggy full of some white rocks. Without knowing, I first assumed it was Crack or something along those lines. 

Then he continued his action by saying, 'anyone down to do some molly with me?' I was hesitant about the idea but I've heard of the drug several times. So, as a punk @$$ 21 year old, I swallowed some with everyone else in the room.  Thirty minutes passes by and I'm fine. Next, I blink my eyes and feel as if I'm about to have a heart attack and die. I was then informed that my roll has hit me. I suppose the way I was feeling was normal for MDMA but I was extremely uncomfortable. I began sweating and feeling uncomfortable. So uncomfortable that I went to the bathroom to throw up, trying to ease the feeling. I don't know whether throwing up helped or not, but after... I felt extrodinary. I was beyond happy, extremely talkative(more than I normally am), and felt as if I just wanted to dance myself to sleep. I 'rolled' for about 5-6 hours. And honestly, I enjoyed it. 

In shorter terms... molly tastes disgusting, the initial 'high' is honestly terrifying, but the journey is out of this world.

THE COME DOWN 

The next morning, I woke up just fine, right whenever I set my alarm to do so. I felt perfectly normal. After about an hour of being awake, I noticed a slight headache. The slight headache also came with a body soreness and an upset stomach. I wasn't in the mood to eat for about two days. But after the two days of mild hell, I was back to normal. 

MDMA/MOLLY FIRST TIME USERS

If you want to experience the roll, I only recommend that you do it once. And only once. I'm saying this because yes, it's a blast... but it's also a negative blast to your brain. It throws off the serotonin \] levels within your head. Which is what gives you moods. You only get one brain, is doing MDMA frequently worth it? Absolutely not.