##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

I decided to use DMT after it was suggested by a good friend of mine, that had many experiences with other psychedelics with me. I was given an MAOI, rue seeds, to enable oral activation. I packed my bowl then with the DMT at the bottom, and some tobacco as tinder to burn the crystals of DMT. I put on some enjoyable music while sitting in my room, and then lit up. 

Moments after burning out the bowl, my body began spasming to the rhythm of the music, for possibly a minute or so (6:00pm). Soon after the spasming began, I entirely left my Earthly body. I felt as though I was a spectre, floating within an abyss. Within my immediate sight was a large rope, or tether. No indication of time, but it felt to take some time to float my ghastly way over to said tether. It was colored rather oddly. Golden, with a pink flaking, which seemed to be moving up the tether. My 'eyes' followed the flaking, to which they reached a massive sphere. When I focused upon the sphere, I could see clearly that the ball was made of images; images of the past, present, and future. But these images were different than my own memories. These images showed the best possible outcome within every tangent of my life. It was a beauty beyond words. The simple sight of it brought tears of joy to my eyes. So, instinctively, I began floating up the tether, towards the sphere. Once I got closer, I reached a point that wouldn't allow me to travel any closer. Every attempt sent a shocking pain to my ribcage. A pain that felt as though my chest was being torn from the inside. I immediately looked for the source of the pain; downwards. And there I was, my body, laying there as I had left it. The tether seemed to be directly attached to my body's chest. For experiment's sake, I attempted to climb the tether once again, whilst closely watching my body below. And just as the pain struck, my body's chest seized and arched upwards, as though it were being pulled by the tether. It was then that I realized that the only way to reach this ...immaculate sphere of a perfect reality was to tear the heart from my Earthly body. I had to die to reach this paradise, that was just out of reach. I contemplated the positives and negatives, the benefits and losses, and after seemingly hours of thought, I had decided that this paradise must wait until I die of other means. And so I began my trek back to my Earthly shell. Once reached, I jerked awake and immediately began crying, for, to this day, unknown reasons. (6:13pm)

My life will never be the same, as I wait to come face to face with this paradise. This experience was exceptionally enlightening, as it allowed me to travel beyond my own perspective worlds.