I was kind of a beginner on psychedelics when I had this experience: I'm not sure if this was before or after I tried LSD for the first time, but before that I've done LSA and mushrooms in beginner doses (150 morning glory seeds, 2 grams of shrooms). So I learned about mescaline watching Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and had to try it.

Bought the cactus online and after freezing and thawing it three times, I tried extracting it. Didn't f***ing work. So I decided to take the rest of the cactus and blend it in a smoothie and put a little water in it. I had to chug at least a liter of the stuff, but it was WAY easier than drinking the extract. Used some chasers and it went down easier than beer. Waited two and a half hours and right when it was supposed to kick in I took a big bong rip of hash. Oh yeah, it kicked in. I was in the woods with some friends and that psychedelic pressure-type feeling started to overcome me, naturally coming with tachycardia. Everything started looking more. brownish I don't know how else to describe it, cartoonish at the same time. I started listening to the conversations less and focusing on the come-up hoping it wasn't going to be too intense.

My three friends and I (I was the only one on the cactus btw) left the woods to go to the grassy field nearby. The sunlight surrounded me and I got that acid-like feeling of serenity as I lay down and closed my eyes. After frolicking around, we decided to go to my friend's (let's call him F) house. His mom was there and she knew we liked our substances, but weed was the only one she turned the other cheek for. F just ran to his room without a word for some reason, and I tried to conceal the fact that I was tripping. I was tripping pretty mildly, but she knew her stuff and could instantly tell (well it wasn't hard, my pupils were massive). I sensed the obvious anger in her voice while she was passive-aggressively talking to me, but the bad vibes didn't get to me like they would with shrooms or acid. She started talking about things indirectly involving drugs and I was answering things that didn't make sense, and at the end she was talking about our future and how she was concerned. Only comment I could muster up was "we got it", and walked upstairs.

I was pretty relaxed and seeing mild visuals, but I didn't take enough to really trip. I kept trying to get deep spiritual insights until I realized I just need to try and have fun and they'll come to me. Didn't really get any that trip, but the days after seemed different, in a good way. I felt closer to my friends and relatives, except for F who seemed to purposely leave me alone to fend for myself with his mom. Overall, San Pedro is like LSD's counterpart. While acid gives you deep spiritual insights about yourself, mescaline focuses more on how you interact with the outside world.