Smoking DMT was by far the most bizarre, profound, and life-changing experience I have ever had.

I can't find the words. When I first took the hit, I felt like the room began to shake slightly. After taking a second hit, I could begin to feel life slipping away from me. This happened through a frequency dropping lower and lower in my ears until I could hear it no more. Also, the room began to dissolve. This began with being broken into layers, than a grid sort of shape. and finally what appeared similar to tiny fractal puzzle pieces. A pressure began to enclose my vision as I was forced to lay back and close my eyes.There was a middle ground, a passing period. A transcend into another form different than my own. I was propelled into a space other than the world that had an odd reminiscent feeling accompanied with it. Before I was pulled into this point I began to think of the ones that I loved; my mom, brother, grandmother, dad, girlfriend and others. It was as if with every beat of my heart a clear and separate memory from my life took place. There was a deep...remorse. A deep remorse to the loss of my loved ones. The ones that mean more than anything to me. But at the same time, I realized that we were all one. We are all conjoined and united at our core being. As these memories continued to slip and slip away I felt as if everything I knew had closed up on me. It was a clean slate sort of feeling. A dissolving of barriers as well as my conscious mind and who I thought I was. Whatever I was or wherever I was, I had an ultimate realization that we are all one. As I realized this, I felt as if I was a fetus in a mother's womb. It was a feeling of warmness, content, and love. It was a feeling of oneness. It was as if my life was reset, reset to what connected me to the essence of being.  

Coming down from this felt exactly like waking up from a dream. As I opened my eyes, I began to look around me as if I had literally woken up from a slumber. I felt rebirth, a new outlook and perspective on numerous aspects of life. The whole "trip" occurred in flashing images which laid the foundation for broad lessons as well as ideas. It made me come to terms with the fact that I will perish from this Earth some day. Countless people live their lives everyday not frequently or ever contemplating death. It is an inevitable part in the cycle of life that people seem to brush off until it creeps up on them. They come to terms with it when it is nearly too late.This experience has made me truly come to terms with the fact that I will die. I believe that what comes after this life is a oneness. A oneness that no one is able to explain because the words do not exist. There is...more. The possibilities are endless for the spirit and essence of our being.  

I could write endlessly about this experience but I think the above statements sum it up pretty well. It is more than worth it. DMT is not a drug....it is an awakening.