On April 19th, 2015, I took my first hit of the mother of all psychedelics; DMT. To give you some context about me prior to this event, I've been using cannabis for four years, inconsistently, but still enough to be considered chronic. I've succumbed to using DXM from my immense interest in psychedelics/dissociative experiences, and admittedly even abused benadryll just for kicks. I'm not proud of those days, I digress- I've tried 25i-NBOMe twice, psilocybin containing mushrooms three times (one heavy dose), salvia around ten times, and of course, stuff that doesn't even matter: klonopin, vicodin, tramadol (surprisingly satisfying to the pleasure fiend, imoM), spice (bad!), alcohol, and kratom. I'm sure I'm missing some. I'm not prescribed any medications to abuse. To say the least, compared to the veteran drug user, I'm somewhat of a noob. But that doesn't matter. What really matters to me the most is learning from psychedelics experiences- moreso than just getting simply 'fucked up'- although, that can be fun too.  Anyways, on with the experience.

It was four days after my birthday. A couple of buddies, B and D, went through with the plan I had to get DMT from another, less familiar friend, T. He just obtained a gram of DMT and 
told me a week before that he would sell me some. Considering it was my birthday, D went ahead and agreed to buy $30 worth for all of us. I couldn't think of a better birthday gift!

I was at B's house for the day, and we waited around until D got out of work. We had to pick him up at 10:30 pm, which proved to be quite a hassle and affected the whole thing as you'll read later on. After we picked D up, we went a couple towns over to pick up T, who had an ounce of dank bud squeezed in a small jar and a gram of DMT. We waited around in town until we got
word from B's parents, hopefully giving the go that the three of us could stay the night at his house. Of course it was a no. 

We ended up looking around for spots we could tent out at. It was roughly 30-40 degrees outside, so it was cold and by the time we realized that we could tent out behind D's house, it was around 12:00-1:00 am. What the hell right? I thought this was going to be a nice event. It took us awhile to set up the tent, because we were all baked, cold, tired and even a little snappy. We finally got settled in, and it was around 2:30-3:00 am at that point. 

T pulls out his little bag, and within this little bag was an off-whitish paper folded up. He unfolded the paper and revealed the yellow, chalky powder that was sticking to the paper it was contained in. We all looked at it in amazement. We- or I, at least, never thought that I'd get my hands on DMT. I was feeling excited, nervous, apprehensive, yet humble. Prior to this, I watched a documentary called, 'DMT: The Spirit Molecule,' so I had faith that I was about to be transformed, and basically had high expectations. Even though the tides were against us that day, seeing the DMT sparked a flame within me that sobered me up, and gave me energy. T packed a small amount of bud in his pipe, then placed roughly 50mg of DMT in the middle, then put another layer of bud on the top. I noticed upon further inspection, that the DMT had a strange, plastic-y smell. It reminds me of something I can't translate, a smell from my childhood. Makes me think of a playground, for a reason I can't explain. Anyways, T toked (vaporized, really) the DMT and then laid back. After he was done tripping and done talking about his minor experience, the pipe was passed to me after he re-packed the pipe with another 50mg. This time there was just a top layer of DMT and some weed under it. I got myself together by taking some deep breaths. 

I slowly ignited the lighter and brought it slightly above the DMT. Almost instantly, the pipe filled with vapor. I inhaled a little more than half of my lung capacity, and held it in for roughly five seconds. The smell intensified. The effects were immediate: goofiness. I looked at the pipe, the bowl was very defined and sharp, and there were mini hallucinations attached to certain objects and in my peripherals. The visuals are very small and intricate. There was a sensation that something big was about to happen, but then I remembered from my research and obsession: 
'Take the third hit!'- in my case, my second, then third..

As I continued vaporizing with small intervals between inhalations, I did this a total of FIVE TIMES. To this day I can't tell with certainty how long I held in each hit, obviously not long enough because I didn't breakthrough. I was teetering on the edge, I assure you- after I gave the bowl to T, everybody was informed to shut their mouths so I could go off to far lands without distraction. I laid down on the cold, somewhat soggy blanket underneath me, with little leeway for my legs. I wasn't exactly comfortable. I felt the cold air surrounding my body with this super-awareness this simple compound had given me. I closed my eyes and felt the dark, yet clear as day space that was around me. All of a sudden, there was a huge buzz coming from behind my face; I felt it behind my eyes and noes especially. As Terence McKenna said, 'It's as if all of the air gets sucked out of the room.'- boy, he was spot on. This sensation was somewhat alarming and kept my mind on edge, reminding me to breathe and relax with a tone of urgency. Unfortunately, this self talk served as more of a distraction then it did as a safety mechanism. I opened my eyes, and the red glow that was coming from the small heater illuminated the tent. I felt so alive, lucid, and enchanted. At this point my whole vision was bombarded with fractal hallucinations that reminded me of those run-a-way cells you see in your eyes sometimes, except there's a million of them and they are all different colors. That was the height of my experience. 

As for my friends experiences, B had a nice trip to be intrigued enough to try it again, but didn't have a breakthrough. D didn't do it right at all and nothing happened to him. And T's was linear to mine and B's, I'm sure. No one had a breakthrough experience.

When the trip was over, I was intrigued. It wasn't what I was looking for- I was looking for a breakthrough- but damn, I've had first hand experience with almost being there, and I felt the potential of breaking through. I'm thinking that in a way better environment, without a worn-out-by-the-day mentality, with further self exploration and positive, unworried self talk- that I could breakthrough. It's as simple as the conditions weren't right, and I wasn't ready. At this point in time, two months after this experience I have in my possession 170 milligrams of DMT, which is approximately four big doses. You'll be hearing from me very soon.