I tried truffles for the first time in Amsterdam, in a smartshop with a tripping area in the back. I took one dose (10 g) of fresh truffles of what the shop attendant told me was the weakest kind they had, called Mexicana. He said I would likely just feel a bit giggly. I had not done psychedelic drugs before. 

Setting: The area was facing the windows with a beautiful view, some people beside me were tripping as well, and the DJ was playing nice music. 

I ate a small breakfast earlier in the day, but then nothing the hours before the trip. During it I had little pieces of nut bars that was being sold in the shop. 

I ingested the mushrooms around 16.00. The effect started after about 30 minutes, but subtly at first. Listening to music was enhanced, and I felt a bit weird but cheerful. It peaked between 17-18, and that's when it became quite uncomfortable. Not really hallucinations, but things flickered and vibrated as I looked at patterns. I also got dizzy and a bit nauseous from it. What I hadn't expected was that my social anxiety (that is normally under control) was worsened by the mushrooms. Even though I was in a safe place where the shop attendants were friendly and the other clients were tripping, I felt extremely self conscious and stressed. I wanted to close my eyes to escape the chaos, but was afraid I'd fall asleep. I felt relatively clear headed in a way, but also detached from reality. A friend had offered me previously in the day to come and sit with me, but since I expected the trip to be mild I had declined. I tried to text him during this time and ask him to come over, but the letters on the screen moved too much and the task just felt too hard to go through with. I managed to calm myself down by looking at the watch and reminding myself that the peak was going to pass. Time passes very slowly in that emotional state though. 

At 18.30-19 the trip started to feel a bit easier to handle. I sat in a more comfortable position, felt less tense, and was able to listen to and enjoy the music again. I thought a lot about myself, the people around me and things that had happened to me. Emotions I hadn't realised I had suddenly came to surface. Not in a bad way, I felt touched by it. I wanted to submit to the feeling and have a good cry, but I stopped myself since I was around people. But it felt like it had a healing impact on me nevertheless. 

The effect from the mushrooms gradually went away and I felt steady enough to walk around a bit in the store at 20. When I left the smartshop at 21 I still felt high though, but sober enough to seem normal and function. 

In conclusion: Lasted from 16-22, peaked after 1-2 hours. I will definitely try this again in the future, but not a full dose. Maybe a third or half of what I took. And while I think this kind of setting can be good for a lot of people, I will do it either alone or with people I know well. I would also eat more earlier in the day the next time, as I think it would have made me less dizzy. It was scary in the middle, but overall a beautiful and interesting experience.