First time k hole

So this happened a month or two ago. Where I live there isn't any ketamine, ever. I know two guys older han me who have tried it an thats all. I didn't know the dosage at all. I am very expirienced with mdma speed, little bit with coke and psychedelics.

So we wen't out drank a lot smoked some joints and my friend wen't to score some speed and mdma. This guy tells him he has ketamine. I had only heard of it and read about what its like the other guys even the one who bought it had never heard of it(but they didn't talk about that then).

The four of us found ourselves with about a gram and a half of ketamine in a big park and stupidly laid it all out on a phone made four lines and snorted it up. Boy I did not know what I was in for.

After 20 seconds I felt pain like someone hit me with a machete in the head. It went away instantly when the effects have taken place. Everything in my vision started shivering. There was music blairing we all started dancing was great for five minutes.
Then the visuals and the body high were to much I just threw myself to the ground and somehow sat up.  I didn't even remember of my friends I thougt I was all alone in this. Later I did find out we all just fell over in a 30 second period.
I saw just glympses of reality all melting and somekind of white rectangles popping in everywhere. Then I got totally isolated from the world.

I remember just talking with some distorted creatures in some kind of distorted worlds like in a 4 dimensional world going to different scenes all the time and for a second remembering that I was a human creature that I went out wanted to party tonight there are somewhere somehow people around me. I forgot who I was what I was. And that short moment of sobriety went quickly.

Later on I remember scenes like I was watching down on myself from like 30 meters high in a forest  and I was an shapeshifting object down there being thrown around like a pinball against the trees, being aware at the same time of the aerial view of me an the object view and just felt like I was being torn apart.

Last I remember was flying in without no body a big castle looking like from an 80's videogame going trought labyrinths and shit and then it just went dark nothing to see nothing to hear nothing to feel.

This all happened in about  20-30 minutes then I remember nothnig for about 5 hours.

The next thing I remember I some girl, she is a stranger to me to this day (maybe better that way haha) giving me massages and helping me to get up, I couldn't stand I just fell on her and she carried me around while I wasss still tripping balls.
And the next scene is me and my best friend on a park bench alone its morning and were just wondering what the fuck happened.

All in all I wouldn't say it was a bad or unpleasant expirience. Done in a nice setting at home it would be really nice.
I didn't panic at all even when I was cut of from every sense, I found it kind of relieving, interesting to see how the drug crippled mind works and thinks. I was introduced to a totaly different universe different dimension.

The lack of panic is contributed by my liking of such states, I know I'm coming back to reality from it, altough it would be better if I had a different mentality beacuse something could have happened and some of us could have not came back. Also I have expirienced similar states (in the sense of crippling the mind) by combinig spice(syntethic marihuana) with other drugs.
Hope you've enjoyed this an learned something out of it.