I'm a 20 year old, reasonably healthy (if overweight) student. My specialist field is computer networking and I have two college diplomas, and I'm about to enter university. On a semi-regular basis I take an 8 hour journey across my country to stay with an old friend who moved away from close proximity to me. Whenever I take this trip, I bring a couple of grams of pot, as I always stay a couple of nights and have difficulty sleeping in strange places. Plus, I'll be honest, getting high is fun.

I wouldn't consider myself a seasoned smoker but I'm certainly experienced enough to know what a pot smoking experience is like, and settled myself in for a comfy and pleasurable rest. My set and setting were a little strange; my friend had recently moved to a new home which was barely furnished, and I was sleeping on the sofa, something I'm not accustomed to and do not find agreeable. Still, I pressed on. 

After sitting and smoking for a few minutes, I began to feel the effects taking hold. I felt... strange. Pot strange. No biggie. There was no anxiety or paranoia which is something I always fear when smoking weed. Before I knew it, I was lying down and very comfy. My mind was racing with strange thought patterns, ideas and concepts hard to grasp or put into words. I managed to focus my thoughts and think 'Wow, this kicked in heavy' before being whisked away once more into the swirling vortex of thought, a state I found perfectly agreeable, if a little incapacitating, but I was in bed, so who cares?

Yet, the high kept getting stronger. And stronger. And stronger. I began to feel deeply confused, and even slightly dissociated; I can't for the life of me recall a single moment during my trip where I paid even the briefest attention to my earthly body, and I can't recall whether my eyes were open or closed during this insanity. I felt a strange tugging, like a subtle pull on my diaphragm, the feeling of having been somewhere before. Like revisiting a childhood home or a long-lost loved one I felt this tug, and got this immense nostalgia for my homeland, Wales. Understanding began to set in as my memory seemed to fill the entire moment; it was like living my entire life in the span of a few minutes, feeling the same sensations of being at home where I grew up and playing in the street. It was bizarre and most pleasant.

Throughout this experience, a visual, a motif, kept calling to me, like a shape I could feel. A mask. A bizarre mask, like a Masquerade ball mask with eyeholes, and strange triangular shapes upon it, glowed upon my vision like a burning sigil. I can still recall what it looked like and could easily draw it.

I don't know when I fell asleep, but I most assuredly did, and woke up in a state of profound confusion.

I think this was just some very strong weed after a long time of not smoking, and man, did it feel good. It was beautifully introspective and frankly, I would describe it as strongly psychedelic, with telltale signs such as dissociation and a complete rewiring of my senses.

I hope to experience this again some day, this unique and beautiful experience of feeling my past.