I never did hard drugs, only weed and hash very frequently. As it was a first time we decided to stay home with a good company and sound system, candles and shit. House party. 

We had scales so the guy gave me 70 mg. I drank it with water. My side effect of this drug is nausea. It happens every time 20-30 min after taking, and after I vomit all the tripping starts. None of my friends has nausea though. 

After 25-35 minutes I feel super relaxed, and I would say tired and lazy. I don't feel like doing anything just sitting in the warm place with music and smoking a cigarette. Then after time I am only relaxed, but not tired or lazy and then energy comes to me slowly and I begin to feel very social, talkative, friendly and there is happy vibes and love and unity with people and lots of empathy and interest in other people's lives. 

After 1 hour I started talking to everyone and my boyfriend said to me later that I didn't shut up for 8 hours, it was me who was speaking the most. He also said he could see I enjoyed the drug too much. Yes I did. We did it next day again with 90mg and after 2 days again with 100mg. We did it too often to be honest it was too crazy, but my excuse is that were last days of summer.

About hangover. I have no depression or bad mood or loss of magic. It's the opposite actually what I feel the next day, even though I had a lot of depressive symptoms in the past before trying drugs and family history is also filled with my mum depressive mood. Although the next day after mdma I feel super excited. I open my eyes and I want to get up and start my day. Actually I am never that motivated in the mornings as after mdma. I am a heavy weed smoker and after smoking weed in the mornings I usually have no energy to do something. But on mdma its totally different. That's why I guess I liked its so much. No hangover!!!! 

I didn't drink alcohol during the trip, just lots of water with ice and lemons or oranges, also some juices like orange or cranberry. I smoked weed and hash but mostly cigarettes.

I feel happy that I finally discovered something good for parties and I don't need to waste my money and well being for cocktails which make me sleepy and stupid. I never thought that doing drugs, here I mean mdma, can be such a cultural thing. By this I mean, its just a very nice time where I connect to other people and music. Its magical I would say. And I feel that magic the next day too, or the memory.