I've got quite a wide experience of different drugs, used in a variety of different ways. 

I've used heroin, coke, meth, speed, Weed, salvia, hash, benzos, subutex, LSD, ketamine, DMT, ether, opium (yes, you can still get it from a variety of sources - it's just a bit tricky to find, but well worth it a very nice drug, but extremely addictive and very painful to quit...), prescription medications such as anti-psychotics, anti-depressants etc and of course Alcohol and Tobacco. 

This evening I tried injecting Ketamine for the first time and it was pretty intense... I had been snorting it over the past few days and enjoying it quite a lot. I'd never done it before and I always like trying new drugs. Anyway I had some needles left over from a coke/heroin binge previously and as I only had a tiny bit of K left I thought I might try IV'ing it. I'd read that it's a bad idea as it basically knocks you out cold but I figured if I used a small-ish amount and did it in a safe place (lying on my bed) it couldn't be too bad. I should mention that I'd also been doing my regular dose of speed and benzos as well as alcohol. So I got my gear out and put it on a heavy book on my bed so it wouldn't be knocked over, took the remaining crystals and put them in the spoon (in this country they helpfully provide you with a sterile steel spoon and filter to cook up in) with some water from a fresh bottle of mineral water. Cleaned my hands carefully, first with soap and then with alcohol hand wash. Layed out my works on the book, unpacked the syringe and dropped the filter in, filled it up and recapped it. Tied off and found a vein, inserted the needle and pulled back the plunger, got a nice register so undid the tourniquet and then carefully pushed down on the plunger. Well. WOW is all I can say, it took about 5 seconds for me to just go ... AWOL is the best way to describe it, mentally AWOL. I had a very vague idea that there was this thing called the world and I was a person within it but it seemed like a fairly theoretical concept at the time. I was listening to some music and I couldn't really concentrate on it. No hallucinations, just a very definite feeling of being 'f***ed up', for want of a better expression. 

It was quite pleasurable, I had a nice warm feeling almost speedy. after about 5-10 minutes it started to abate and I cleared up my rigs soiled tissues etc... It was nice. I'm glad to find out that it is enjoyable because pretty much all the online info on the subject advised against it for a variety of reasons, but for me it was quite a trip and I'll definitely be doing it again. I'll probably mix in a little H and some crystal meth too, I think that speedball mix would definitely benefit from just a touch of special K to give it a bit of zest :) Yeah, yeah I know speedballs and IV'ing are dangerous. For me it's just another method of administration, very efficient and much more pleasurable (just incredibly stigmatized in our society, yet when people get injections in the hospital that's fine... go figure). 

As a final note I'd like to say that there are a LOT of people out there who use drugs responsibly, some of them even IV users, who hold down jobs, have families, lead responsible lives. We only hear about the fuck-ups and lowlifes so it's a natural tendency to assume drug use and different forms of it make a person have certain inherent tendencies or characteristics. But there's people out their drinking themselves stupid or eating until their knees are shot from carrying all the weight and that's ok. Anyway. At least things seem to be going in the right direction in the states with the legal marijuana initiatives, so hopefully some day sanity will prevail. 

[Author estimates roughly 50 mg of Ketamine was used in this experience]