Throughout my entire high school career, I was one of the 'good kids'. I never drank, never even touched pot. People often assumed this was because I was religious, but in reality it's because I simply didn't care about any of that. The idea of putting a foreign substance in my body just to feel good seemed absolutely bizarre to me. I kept this sobriety all throughout high school and even after I moved out. 

As my long standing interests in the medical field grew, I began to do some research in neuropharmacology and the effects of various narcotics on the brain. I developed a keen interest in the effects of psychedelics on the brain. I came across a study discussing the effects of psilocybin in initiating neurogenesis. After quite sometime, I began to grow weary of just reading the studies and looking at the MRI and CAT scans. I wanted to experience it myself. I needed to know not just what was going on in their brains, but in their minds. 

So I acquired 2.2 grams of Psilocybe cubensis, a strain I understood to be fairly potent and common. After doing some research of proper settings, how one should be feeling before the trip, and what to eat and not eat, I finally decided it was time.
I went into my room, turned off the lights and downed the shrooms on a light peanut butter sandwich while I had an empty stomach.

I laid for 30 minutes when I began to wonder if anything would happen. I sat up and immediately felt a pleasant warming sensation fall across my neck and back, like a warm blanket. I laid back down and allowed the shrooms to work their magic. Within 30 more minutes, my mind began to fill with marvelous epiphanies about the connectivity of time and the universe. Suddenly I had no separate thoughts, everything blended together. 

I got the strong urge to go outside, so I managed to extradite myself from the bed, wandering through my dark house. I noticed that the pictures on my walls were sort of melting, but I still wanted nothing more than to be outside. I stepped into my back yard and my breath was taken away. The wind seemed to speak to me as it blew and the grass never looked more beautiful. As a plane flew overheard, I nearly cried as I was overcome with emotion. The plane left a long trail that never seemed to end, the lights around it were so much more intense, but they didn't hurt my eyes. I was in complete awe. 

I could have been out there 5 minutes or 5 decades, time didn't matter anymore. It was part of the universe and the universe was beautiful. I convinced myself to go back inside, and as I looked at the hall leading to my bedroom, I noticed it began to stretch like hallways in cartoon dreams. Although rather than being scared, I wanted to be part of it, to stretch and meld with the hall itself. 

I finally made my way back to my room and grabbed my cell phone. After I made myself stop staring at the amazing glow from it, I pulled up YouTube and looked up 'Best Videos to Watch While You're Tripping'. I picked the first one I saw, and was not disappointed. It featured a first person point of view journey in which you went through tunnel after tunnel, morphing into different animals and shapes. After a while, I felt like the video was reality and that I was the one taking this journey. As my mind continued to meld with my soul, I fell int into the best sleep I had ever had.

For days afterward, I still felt that connectivity with the universe. It was absolutely astounding, to say the very least.