Prepared 3 footlong portions of san pedro (dosing for three people). I simply chopped up the cactus (skin, spines everything) very fine with a good knife and chopping board, chucked it into a pot with 2 cups of water then boiled and simmered for 4-5 hours. Then strained the spines and other debris out with a tea towel, making sure to squeeze all the juice out. Done!

Myself and two mates trekked up deep into the mountains where we set up camp for the night. The next morning, sitting around the fire we starting drinking, I ended up drinking a majority of the stuff because the others were feeling sick after their first cup as it did taste very bitter, something citrusy definitely helped. We let the SP take hold around the fire. Our valley started to feel Shangri-La. We decided to explore our surroundings a bit better and set off on a walk. 

A realisation of the power and beauty of Nature hit me and I was possessed with the thought that I was a child of Mother Nature and that she/he/it wanted me to be happy. We then seemed to revert to true creatures of the bush, running sown the trails whooping, fascinate by plants and basking in the glory of mountain streams. The plants around seemed perfect and possessing of their own conciousness. I started to realise the Ancient, primeval and powerful force of Nature of Life. This saddened me as I reflected on how detached homo sapiens had become from their original home i.e. the forest. We have lost ourselves and lost respect for our initial home. I felt that humans live such an artificial life, wearing artificial fabrics and clothes, living in artificial environments and comfort, craving artificial desires.

Coming to the peak of the trip, the variety, ceaselessness and power of the Life around me began to overwhelm me. I felt that I was melting into my surroundings or that my mind was dissolving. I decided to pull back from this as I feared I met never return. I hurried back towards camp where I managed to get some Led Zeppelin songs playing on the speakers and after a couple of smokes I was back in the vein of homo sapiens. The music sounded incredible, as if underlying meanings and detail that I had missed for so long was finally revealed. Led Zep burned in my soul like a flame - Rock and Roll! Coming down I enjoyed the company of my mates as we huddled around the fire and chatted, finally breaking our fast (we drank the Pedro on a empty stomach). I felt like the brother and sister of my mates, like family.

It was an incredible experience which taught me Truths about nature and about people. A very positive hallucinogenic. Peace.