0:00 started drinking san pedro concentrate, about 150 mL total [cooked about 1 kilogram of fresh cactus], but still took me half an hour to drink because it was so gross. 

0:30 I told a friend I would help her set up for a party so I went to try to help her but when moving a table I started to get really awful nausea, which has never really happened with drugs before. I went to lie down and was in bed for about an hour feeling really shitty and I was super anxious about the fact that this was only the beginning of the night. I think my problem was that I ate dinner about an hour before drinking the san pedro. All my other experiences involved fasting at least for 4 hours and I have never had nausea before so I will avoid eating in the future.

1:40 The nausea subsides and the mescaline starts hitting me so I pack a bag so I can go do whatever I want but I decide to drop by my friend's party on my way out and she asked me to be a security guard for her party and for some reason I say yes and almost immediately regret it. I'm already not that tough or aggressive of a guy so I don't think I could make a very good security guard for rowdy partygoers. Anyways, I sit there at the front of the party for maybe half an hour or so acting anxious but eventually I complain enough that I snake my way out of the security guard job and break away back to my room.

2:30 I remember that I was supposed to skype some friends from home that night so I do that for a while. Everything is hilarious to me at this point. I have uncontrollable laughter and I start making weird faces into the camera.

4:00 Some friends of mine burst into my room, apparently I sent some weird texts to one of them and they knew I was tripping so they were worried. We hang out for a while and I decide to go with them to the party which is fun and all until a fight breaks out at about 5:00. I laugh about it a little because I was so glad I wasn't working as a security guard. 

5:00 go to my friend's place and hang out, I start getting the abdominal cramps that I usually get with mescaline and LSD, and then things start getting a little weirder. The tapestry on the wall (my friend called it mandala or something) starts moving. I ask if it is blowing in the wind but my friends assure me there is no wind and I realize that I'm just seeing it pulsating and waving. Open eyed visuals have never been so strong for me on any trip so this was very intriguing.

6:30 After watching the tapestry for at least an hour I leave and discover the party has started up again. I enjoy dancing and music for a while but then I notice this girl I kind of know is not doing so well so I go talk to her. While I'm sitting there with her this guy that says he is her 'friend for more than one year' tries to get her to go home and is really aggressive about it and she doesn't want to move and just wants him to go away. I asked her if she wants me to go away and she says no. At one point this guy gets so aggressive that she runs away. Somehow I knew where to find her and I sat with her while she slept on my shoulder for about an hour. I bring up this part of the story because I really didn't know this girl that well before the party and somehow we end up having this really emotional intense experience together (probably more intense to me because of the mescaline) and it felt very strange.

8:00 After my friend had woken up and gone to bed I had watched the party die completely until I was the last person awake. I decide to go for a bike ride to the pier. I watch the fisherman doing there thing and think about how beautiful the world can be. Something felt so spiritual about the act of fishing to me. I have no idea why.

8:50 I start riding back from the pier, the mescaline's effects have tapered to only intense alertness.

10:35 I arrive home, still plenty awake though, so I decide to wait for the sunrise. Sitting on the roof I see one of the better sunrises of my life, with very pink mountains off in the distance.

11:30 Finally I sit down in bed and fall asleep.

Conclusion:
I have had a decent number of trips in my young adult life and there seems to be a pattern in how they work. At some point I will be in some sort of despair which is shitty, but then as soon as I make it out of that despair everything is wonderful and I feel amazing. The interesting thing this time is that the despair came before the trip really even started, so I was able to enjoy all of the trip without any negative feelings. I think my favorite parts of hallucinogens is how they make everything feel so important. This could have been any other day but because of the drug, it became an especially important day in my life.