Spiritual

I feel I had a unique experience that I must share.  But mostly, I feel that posting about it will help me remember it better.

My first time with E was during a Spiritualized concert.

A friend and I took it.  I was warned that I would make me weak in the knees and dehydrated.  We went in a big group to the concert but only 2 of us took it.  I took it about 20 minutes before the concert started.  I found a friend from highschool in the crowd and smoked a spliff with him as the band did a great rendition of Cop Shoot Cop.  The show was going to be amazing, I knew this even before the drug began to kick in.  The first thing I noticed that changed was that I began to blink rapidly, almost with the rhythm.  I was bouncing my hand off my thigh with the rhythm as well.  Then I saw spots from the lights, they looked like leopard spots and they danced among the blinking lights, I don't know if the blinking came from the stage or from my eyes, but those spots were dancing.

Then I began to sweat and sweat and sweat.  My blinking increased speed and then everything went black.  And I saw changing colors on a black canvas.  Green, blue, red, and then I saw a black silhouette of a face in front of me, with the backdrop being the black colored canvas.  Then I saw another silhouette, and a third.  The silhouettes were evenly spaced in a circle almost.  I knew this was wierd.  Then I hear my name being called, and called, and called.  Then I realize that I was lying on my back looking up at the ceiling of the venue.  The changing colors had been the lights from the stage reflecting off of the ceiling.  The silhouettes were people around me that were trying to get me to wake up.

I sat up, but I didn't wake up, simply because I never passed out.  I was fully conscious the whole time.  As best I could tell, what had happened was that I lost all control of every single voluntary muscle in my body.  I was dissoriented and dizzy, I could not comprehend what my eyes were seeing.  I could not make sense of the world around me.  I didn't hear any voices while I was on the ground, all I heard was that beautiful, beautiful music being played on stage.  It was as if I had been detached from the physical world, all that was around me didn't matter for those 5 seconds I was on the floor.

Then I had to get up and walk out of the crowd.  Luckily for me I had two friends with me at the time, they took such good care of me.  All I kept saying to them was 'I love you' 'I love you guys'.  They were my favorite people in the world ever.  They helped me out of the crowd; I went and sat on the wall away from the crowd.  I had some water and relaxed for about 20 minutes.  Then I found me an empty chair and sat for another 15 minutes while my dizziness left me.  As I sat there, my sense of hearing suddenly exploded.  It was as if I could hear every single sound in that club.  I heard every single individual voice as it spoke.  I couldn't tell what they were saying, but I knew from what direction they were coming from.  If I wanted to find one, I could.  My sense of hearing multiplied itself by a thousand.

People looked so good to me at this time.  I saw a guy sitting behind me who I didn't know, his head in his hands, and all I thought at the time was that this person was my E brother, he had the same dizziness I felt.  Eventually I got enough energy to get back into the crowd.  I found my friend who rolled with me that night.  'How you feeling,' I asked.  He said 'absolutely great'.  'Me too' I replied, 'me too.'

I enjoyed the rest of the concert, and the rest of the evening.  I could not stop smiling the rest of the night.  I couldn't have, even if I tried.  The spill on the venue floor was a little scary, but I got over it.  The reason for that I think was that I had not eaten a bite since breakfast, almost 12 hours ago and hadn't really had any water that day.  Maybe if I had had some food, it would not have rushed right through my system and slammed me into this brick wall of euphoria.  As good as it was, there was too much pleasure crammed into too small an amount of time; so much so that I lost control of my physical body.  Overall it was an unbelievable experience.  I don't know if I'll do it again, but if I do, I know I will enjoy it.

The best part about it was the next morning.  Driving around, and looking at the people in their cars as I drove past them, gave me such a sense of peace and happiness.  The world was a happy place that morning, at least for me.  The drug, I assumed had wore off, but the peaceful feeling came back to me every time I thought about what happened the night before.