##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

Last year, I was an exchange student to Japan.  It was a life changing experience in many ways.  One of the best things about Japan is that the Magic Mushrooms are legal.  You can go to a head shop and pick and chose from dozens of sacks.  Me and my friend who was also an exchange student had eaten the mushrooms every weekend for the past 4 weeks.  However, we had not eaten cubensis for about 2 months.  

We went to my freind's house since there was a park nearby and we wanted to go to the park.  We packed some music and a blanket.  We took St. John's Wart since we had recently read an article about MAOI's.  We each took a very heavy dosage and washed it down with water at about 6:30.  In fact, we took so much St. John's that we got messed up off of that and started to contemplate wether we needed to eat mushrooms to have fun that night.  But in honor of our weekend tradition, we ate the mushrooms.  At 7:30 we ate.  I ate 5g raw in about 5 minutes.  I put 1 gram in my mouth and chewed it with my gum without swallowing.  I felt the onset within 15 minutes so it takes the edge off coming up.

We quickly rode our bikes to a store to buy some tarp so that we could lay on that without getting too dirty.  That took us 20 minutes, by now I was starting to get visuals and I knew that we needed to hurry to our destination before I got so bad that I couldn't ride my bike.  When we got to the entrance of the park, it was 8:15 or so.  This park is amazing, the ground is covered in moss and the trees are very 'spooky' on the flat ground.  By this time I couldn't ride my bike so we parked them and started to walk up the side of the hill.  This was very hard, the ground was mossy and moving like a ocean of algae.  When we walked up the side of the hill, I thought that I was floating and falling at the same time.  We finally reached our destination at 8:30, exactly one hour after our supper.  We laid out the tarp and laid down.  This time we didn't talk at all.  I don't know how long we laid there, I started to here bongos down by the river and people singing in japanese.  I closed my eyes and let myself drift away to teh abyss.  I started to get hallucinations like I never had before except my first time.  I saw only white with spinning colors and sounds of monkees screaching softly.  My visuals slowly changed into a large with room with fantastic translucent colors swirling and chasing around.  The monkees and bongos started getting louder.  I knew that it was time to leave the abyss before the sounds got out of control.

All track of time was lost.  When I finally opened my eyes I had night vision.  Everything was in black in white, but with the same translucent spinning colors.  When I looked up to the trees I saw silouettes of monkees holding hands, tails and feet.  They started moving and grew eyes, and other features.  I felt as if I was turning back into a monkee.  Losing my corrupt human spirit and going back to what we should be, a pure and innocent being.  My friend and I started talking and we got up and walked around a bit in the forest.  All of a sudden we stopped talking.  I saw a hobbit like creature running across, the hobbit looked at me and ran toward me.  It looked at me and then pointed to the sky above me.  It said 'The moon'  I looked at the moon, when I turned my head, the hobbit had disappeared.  We decided to go to downtown and get some coffee.  When we looked at a clock, we realized that it was almost 1 a.m.  I was still getting amazing open eye visuals.

This was the best trip that I ever had.  After doing mushrooms in nature, the best place I think, I can never look at things the same way.