Side by Side Experience of Weed Brownies

The first time I tried a weed brownie, I bought one off of one of my friends who had previously eaten some from the same batch. As he had not experienced any negative symptoms, I thought it would be safe to have one. I had been smoking herb in bowls or blunts for about a year. I expected the high to have the same effects as a blunt or a few bowls, ie. good mood, euphoria, munchies, laughter, sleepiness. 

The brownie was larger than average and had no distinct "weed" smell or taste. At home, I ingested half with a full meal and the rest after the meal. (Basically making up my protocol as I went.) About thirty minutes after I began to feel the effects of the brownie. I was in the backseat of my boyfriend's car when I felt as if everything I touched was moving. The fabric of the car felt amazing, like I was experiencing each thread individually. When I closed my eyes, I felt like I was shooting off of the earth into space. I laughed at everything, but could not form a cohesive sentence. It was as if something had taken my voice away. (Like Ariel from the little mermaid.) 

These are the only things I remember, until I began to feel extremely anxious because my boyfriend wanted to go to a party, which I felt too stoned to go to. After that, I threw up for a long while, it seemed like an eternity but it was only about 5 min. I felt so sick at the time that I wanted to swear off weed altogether, and looking back I think the experience might have been worse if I hadn't had someone watching over me.  I went home and showered and came down a little, felt really horny (sorry!), and spent the rest of the night in my bed watching tv. To this day I have never been so high. With the knowledge I have now, I would have eaten a quarter of what I did.

The second time I tried a weed brownie I made them myself. To fully explain it would be too long but my friends and I followed a recipe for weed infused butter which you add to the brownies. We used about 3 grams of Maui Wowie, but didn't verify the strain. I cautiously ate half a much smaller, ~.4 oz piece and smoked half a blunt. I felt pretty high (see above listed effects) and the high lasted a good 4 hours, peaking at about 2.5. No big deal, I've definitely been higher. 

Maybe the potency was low, however, it was a more positive experience.