Previous experiences: Marijuana/Hash, Morning Glory Seeds, Alcohol, Tobacco/Snus, Salvia

It was a clear winter day and I was taking a stroll through a downtown park when I decided to consume 15g of Psilocybe Tampanensis Magic Truffles, that I'd had lying in my pocket for the past few days. I'd never taken psilocybin before and I was quite excited to give it a try, little did I know that I was in for the ride of my life. Since I know myself very well I knew that I wouldn't need a tripsitter (a person looking out for you while you're tripping), but just to be cautious I wrote Psilocybin on my hand and let a few friends know in case it would go south. 

I sat down on a park bench and began opening the bag of truffles, the bag was vacuum packed so I had some difficulties opening it. I eventually got it open by piercing the bag with my key. The first thing I noticed when eating the truffles (@13:40) was that they were very easy to chew, but had a quite sour aftertaste. 

At 13:50 I had consumed the entire bag of truffles. I then washed it down with a chocolate drink and started to head towards the bus. At the bus stop I met a friend/neighbor of mine and we talked casually during the bus ride, not mentioning the truffles. 

I got off the bus at 14:00 and was feeling a tiny bit nauseous. Me and my neighbor began walking the roughly 1km distance between the bus and my house, my neighbor still had no idea that I had eaten magic truffles. 

At about 14:05 my vision turned crystal sharp and it felt as if time was moving a lot slower. 

Around 14:10 we were almost home and that's when things really started to kick in. I was getting some major hallucinations and the road ahead of us looked like it was changing in length and width along with some rainbow colors surrounding its edges. I almost lost my ability to speak but managed to keep myself together. My neighbor and I split ways and I went home, getting the key to enter the lock took some effort. 
As soon as I got inside I rushed off to my couch and started playing 'The Bread of God' through my Apple TV. My poodle joined me on the couch and the sight of her made me terrified at first because I couldn't figure out what type of animal she was (obviously a dog). At this point I completely lost track of time and my mind sometimes completely left my body, then getting shocked when I remembered that I had one. I remember my dog sitting in my lap and I couldn't tell where my dog's body ended and mine began. I could not tell my dog's body from mine, it was like we were molded together as one creature. I at one point thought my dog's paw was my hand and got confused when I couldn't move it.
After finishing 'The Bread of God' I turned on some Tame Impala and decided to try and sort out some issues I had in life, but every time I thought of an issue it was like it got sucked away by this intense beam of energy. None of my issues mattered, they were nothing to worry about. Soon this beam of energy grew stronger, and stronger. It was flowing through my head and stomach, then continued through my living room. All my worries were made into dust and joined the flow of the beam. At the peak of the trip the beam made a deafening static like sound, it was like my body was a gateway for some godlike energy. I started to feel like my body was useless and that my mind was the only thing that truly existed. This was the most intense thing I had every experienced, I was repeatedly pending back and forth between reality and the wonderful psilocybin universe. I wish I could've stayed in that universe for the rest of my life, it was so intense and peaceful and the same time. Psilocybin is a teacher without mercy. I wanted to change playlists on Spotify for what I estimated to be about half an hour but couldn't, because I kept getting sucked back into the beam.
After the peak of my trip had passed I went and took I shower, because I realized that I was reeking of sweat. The experience in the shower was very interesting but nothing will every compare to what I felt during the peak of the trip. 

Summary:
This was my first true psychedelic experience. The trip was very intense and it definitely taught me something. The only thing I disliked about it is the fact that it only lasted for about 4 hours or so.

After the trip I felt that I'd gained a huge boost in my self confidence and the problems that I'd had prior to the trip where gone.
/Rhnok