Psilocybin as Medicine

History:     
All my life I have been drawn to mind expanding drugs, namely psychedelics. At fourteen years old I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety, and Hashimoto's Disease. My psychiatrist had prescribed me over eight different pharmaceuticals to combat my many symptoms, most of which had little effect if not adverse effects. 

After being let down by modernized medicine I decided to teach myself about what was wrong with my body and my mind. I found many stories about psilocybin and LSD being used to treat/cure depression and anxiety. This sparked my curiosity having already experimented with alcohol, marijuana, and hydrocodone. I dove into the world of entheogens. I dosed myself with three-hundred morning glory seeds, 300mg Dextromethorphan, and large doses of cannabis on different occasions. I found these substances to be enjoyable but they didn't teach me anything. For two years I searched for the mythical fungus to no avail.

In early 2014 I had a complete psychotic breakdown due to all of the drugs my doctor had been giving me. They made me very dissociated and apathetic. I was arrested and moved to a new town three days later. At which point I quit taking all of my medications minus the lorazepam for my panic attacks. I quickly became myself again and continued my search for mushrooms.

Setting:     
I had been in my new town for four months and had abstained from all psychotropic drugs. I was making new friends and rebuilding my life. One day at my sister's house she had some friends over. They were all avid consumers of marijuana and as many do, they also treated themselves with the occasional psychedelic trip. I was sitting alone in the next room when one of my sister's friends walked in with an ounce of potent psilocybe cubensis. I eagerly offered him some money in exchange for 2 grams of his fungi and he was pleased to oblige. 

Preparation:     
Later that night, around eight, I rushed home knowing what was to come. When I arrived at my house, I skipped to my bedroom where I took out the bag inspecting the lavish blue bruises on the stems and caps. I dumped out the bag in my hand and tore up the mushrooms into smaller pieces to be eaten a few at a time with a bite of chocolate. This proved to be a very good idea as it tasted purely of chocolate with a slightly crunchy yet rubbery texture. I finished within a couple minutes.

The Trip:     After consuming my long-awaited medicine, I hopped in the shower so I would be fresh for my trip. 

~ 10 minutes had passed when I first felt a slight energy. It wasn't a rush or a jittery energy, it was the purest most clean stimulation I have ever experienced. Once out of the shower I put on some comfy clothes and decided to watch The Corpse Bride. I knew the claymation would be entertaining whilst in the stupor of the golden teacher.
~ At the 30 minute mark I felt slightly drunk but clear-headed. 
~ 45 minutes post ingestion I looked down at my nightstand from my bed and I saw my first visual distortion. It appeared that my depth perception had been completely obliterated. The top of the night stand looked dramatically large and bulbous and as I looked down towards the bottom of the nightstand it became acutely narrow and dark. I realized the mushrooms were really beginning to take effect and I laughed with more effort as ever before.
~ After this my perception of time was drastically warped. I remember looking down at my dog and loving on him. And the movie was leaving incredible tracers that reached past the edge of the television screen. Listening to music was orgasm inducing. I honestly don't know if I masturbated or if the music had influenced my emotions to the point of immeasurable euphoria that led to a full body release of stress. It was the most incredible feeling I have ever experienced. 

~ 2 hours post ingestion. After the movie was over, I turned off all the lights to properly learn from the medicine the way Terence McKenna said to. I proceeded to lay in bed, writhing in the eloquent sea of sheets that lulled me into a time loop. The drapes over my window slowly melded with my comforter. Then, comforter to sheets, sheets to skin, skin to psilocybin energy, psilocybin energy to brain, brain to depression-killing lessons. I was shown how ignorant I had been. I used my diseases as an excuse for my irreverent actions. Although they caused me deep pain and suffering, no pain nor suffering is ever worth losing family or friends.      

Psilocybin will change the world if only we as a society decide to harness it with graciousness. The strength that it holds in curing us of our ego driven world is profound! All we must do is recognize the virgin beauty that is our world and accept it by blossoming our consciousness.