I'm a 20 year old university student studying biology in Florida. I was abusing pot and alcohol for months leading up to this experience. I had also had a negative experience smoking a single hit of DMT on my own two weeks prior. I believe that it was my lack of having my life together that made me have a bad experience. I've never had an experience that had a plot like this one did. It was quite the trip!

I smoked four hits of the DMT and I closed my eyes. I didn't have any sort of visualization of a gateway or blast off. I was transported directly to a hallway where I was rolling down the hallway being pushed by these mechanical like energy beings as if I were lying on a gurney (I was reclined in a chair in real life). I was then pushed into the cubes in the wall at the end of the hallway into an office with many of these mechanical beings in their own sections of the room.

They each had a box in front of them, possessed a same kind of energy that they seemed to be keeping these mechanical beings alive. I asked 'what are you guys doing?' And my head was pushed up to the office's ceiling. The ceiling opened similar to how the walls were made of cubes earlier, I looked up. It looked like I was getting stomped on by a giant, I could see the sky above his head in this world, it was oddly space-like. The giant was of an entirely different species from the mechanical beings and did not seem to possess the energy I saw in the mechanical beings.

I was pushed down into the floor of the office and into a chute, about to fall into a black abyss. As I'm falling, a mechanical being from earlier grabbed me and threw me into safety -- back on the gurney. The being immediately pulled my head back and buzzed me with the energy in a laser-like fashion. I could feel the energy in every bone and muscle in my body and I heard a loud buzz. Then I was taken down the hallway again to the side I came from and burst through to the other side. The gurney turned into a cocoon and I gently levitated back into my body.

While smoking the fourth hit from the pipe, my perception of time changed. I felt like I was on a faster time frame than the reality I was in. Upon opening my eyes after the trip (which I may or may not have ended early), all of the objects in my house had this buzzing vibration to them at super speed. It was truly fascinating to experience this phenomena/trip and I'm honestly have a lot of ontological and spiritual introspection to do after this experience on Dimethyltryptamine.

[Reported Dose: '50mg']