I had been wanting to try acid for a long time. After a few years of no luck, I got a chance. I took 3 hits, and started messing around on my phone. One thing I noticed was how colors tend to contrast and you become so immersed in them on acid. I was messing with a game and each proceeding level was a different color, each level was color coded. Each color blended into the next from level to level, I most likely stared at the screen for who knows how long, scrolling from one color to the next, pausing, and taking in orange, or yellow, or aquamarine. This gave me great joy, and a sense of boredom at the same time, the boredom coming from not knowing whether I was high, or anything was happening. 

I turned on music, and this kept me feeling better inside, if people were around, I would feel more nervous and confrontational, and confronted at the same time, this made socializing difficult. I didn't try to socialize much, even though I was around people, and they seemed to find whatever I was doing humorous to them and their friends, I didn't find it that funny. 

The strange thing about acid for me was how I would be somewhere alone and feel like laughing for hours on end, but around people that good feeling and humorous side would disappear and be replaced with a bitter resentment toward other people. I enjoyed being outside, not necessarily in the woods, but being outside and being able to look at the trees, and the stars especially. On mushrooms, I feel like going deep into the woods, on acid I'm content with being near the woods, but the stars and the sky become phenomenal. I also feel like I could take a stroll through town, and spend a day examining architecture, being around people, not necessarily interacting. Music is also much more extraordinary on acid than just about any other drug, even weed, or perhaps it's not better than listening to music high on pot, but a different kind of great. The major difference from pot is I feel like listening to a variety of music, from country to jazz, and appreciating each note in each song, and the musicians who made it, understanding why, and how much effort they put into sharing what's inside. It's a different level of detail than being stoned and wanting to hear good music, but feeling lazy and laid back and not wanting to change up the genre or artist because you just feel good listening to what's playing. Acid has a religious side, and an artistic side, any art from music to visual art to film becomes interesting on acid, and I want to try it out, and see what I produce, even if it's my inner kindergartener playing with crayons. I also relearn how not to take life as seriously all the time.