My decision to try MDMA was strictly for therapeutic purposes. I used pure MDMA crystal (tested) in all 3 experiences. The setting was inside my home. On the last two experiences, I prepared with blankets, meditation music, ginger tea and ginger candy drops. I fasted the night before and had dry toast before taking the dose.
 
Physiologically, my system doesn't tolerate any type of drug well, so I knew to plan accordingly. I took no prescription drug on the day of or the day after my experiences. Hypersensitivity of the nervous system is normal for me. I'm planning to do one more session in about 6 weeks and that will be the last for MDMA. Even though I do not tolerate MDMA well, so far, the therapeutic results have been worth it for me.

I maintained my normal daily supplements of 400 mg of magnesium, 5000 mg of vitamin D3 and 3 grams of fish oil the entire time. 

Lifetime Drug History:
Cannabis: Approximately 25 times
Alcohol: Occasionally. Only one or two cocktails or wine with dinner, maybe 10 times per year. I've never had a desire for it.
LSD: August 16, 2015 - Dose 2/3 of 100 mg blotter. Also, two cannabis caramel candies and ¼ of a cannabis brownie. An experience for separate report. Very bad trip that lasted for 12 hours. Extremely dizzy for a week. It took 2 weeks for complete normalcy. Introspection later in the month revealed new perceptions for me. In a nutshell, a trip to "hell" launched my journey to healing my life.
Rx: Adderall, prescribed for past 15 years. Rx Dose: 15mg-30mg, 4-5 days per week. I normally take only 15 milligrams 4-5 days a week.

I experience hypersensitivity to all drugs. I can't even tolerate two Tylenol tablets (non-prescription) without getting sick.

Pre-Existing Health conditions (known):
Mild Hypoglycemia, low blood pressure (resting 92/54)
Perimenopause (symptoms present, periods still regular)

September 2015 (first MDMA experience)
No Prep, No Rx
Time: 1:00 PM
Dose: 70 mg pure crystal - Licked small amounts from the palm of my hand every 30 minutes over a 2-hour period. 
I felt chilled and just wanted to sit very still on the sofa. The colors of the golf course were vibrant (the view from my living room) and everything seemed nice as long as I remained very still. Any movement on my part incited light waves of nausea, but no feeling of a need to vomit. The most comfortable position was lying on the floor curled up in a blanket. I felt cold the entire time. House temp was 74 degrees. The experience was very pleasant and introspective, but not euphoric. It lasted a total of 3 hours. I didn't notice any come down effects the next day. 

December 25, 2015
Prep: Fasting overnight with water; dry toast before dose, No Rx
Time: 9:00 AM
Dose: 100 mg, pure crystal in capsule
The come-up came at 45 minutes. I felt a huge wave of nausea and panic followed by the feeling of being struck by lightning. For about 3 seconds, I experienced a mild seizure. It felt like the breath had been knocked out of me, my head went back and my body went limp. I collapsed and my sitter had to catch me to keep me from hitting the floor. It felt like I had just been knocked out with an invisible hammer. The nausea intensified and I vomited a small amount. With the sitter holding me up, I sat on the cold tile bathroom floor for about 10 minutes until I had enough strength to move.

My whole body was limp. It felt like I was tranquilized. I crawled from the bathroom into the living room and laid on the floor in a fetal position with a blanket. After about 10 minutes, I was able to sit up and lay my head on the sofa while sitting on the floor. My arms just dangling from my shoulders like they weren't attached. I stayed in that position, moving only to changes sides, for around 2 hours. I enjoyed a warm feeling and the vibrant colors of everything around me as long as I was perfectly still. My head and body felt extremely heavy. It was an overwhelming effort to make the slightest move. Even moving my eyes would bring on the nauseous feeling again. I felt appreciation for things I usually take for granted. I felt like my family issues had workable solutions. The introspection over the following days was much deeper than I've ever felt. My system simply cannot handle the "jolt" of coming up on a single dose of 100 mg. Perhaps it's dangerous for me to force it by taking a whole dose at one time. I feel there is therapeutic benefit for me in doing this again. I will try graduated dosing the next time. 

I did not notice a significant "come-down" in the following days. I was unusually tired and slept more than normal, but felt great mentally. The following week, I noticed my perspective about everything changing (for the better). It took a whole week for me to feel completely back to normal physically. 

January 2, 2016
Prep: Fasting overnight with water, dry toast before dose, no Rx
Dose: 110 mg pure crystal, divided and taken once every hour for 4 hours. 
I took 25 mg each hour during the first 3 hours and 35 mg for the last dose. The come-up each time brought on a short wave of anxiety. I stayed on the sofa with blankets for the entire experience. I listened to meditation music and focused my thoughts on issues I wanted to sort out. I felt best when not moving around at all during the experience. I also felt better with my eyes closed. The last dose of 35 mg rendered me limp after a more intense wave of anxiety. My body stayed limp for about 45 minutes while feeling great mentally. I ate ¼ of a cannabis brownie at approximately 3.5 hours. This sort of ruined the clean comedown for me. Cannabis tends to produce a "dirty" feel for me, so I will not use it again in combination with anything.

Jan 3rd: I feel tired today, but good. My plans for the day are to cuddle up on the sofa with blankets and recuperate. Eyesight is shaky.

Jan 4th: I resumed taking 15 milligrams of Adderall this morning. It appears that I now have an increased sensitivity to Adderall. Increased heart rate (more than before). I'm having what feels like a "mini" MDMA experience. The kind other people describe when they're having an actual MDMA experience. I want to write a letter to everyone I know and tell them how much I appreciate and love them. I feel a vulnerability I've never felt before. This euphoria wore off two hours after taking the Adderall. I ran errands later and went to a friend's birthday drop-in early evening. I've developed a "cold" which I never get. Eyesight is better, still not clear.

Jan 5th: After taking 7 milligrams of Adderall, I feel similar to yesterday, but not as dreamy. I get very tired after doing the simplest of tasks. I'm now taking vitamin C for the cold and it seems to be much better. Introspection is at its highest today. Motivation to actually do anything is zero. Eyesight is better, still not clear.

Jan 6th: I feel an increased heart rate and lethargic after taking only 7 milligrams of Adderall. I have no motivation to get anything done outside of my house. Still taking vitamin C.

Jan 7th: Another day of not getting anything done except research and reading which do not count when I'm supposed to be working. Feeling like I'm totally exhausted. Taking vitamin C. 

Jan 8th: Took 7 mg of Adderall. Tired most of the day. I was finally dressed and ready to run errands by 3 PM. I went to the grocery store and returned exhausted. 

Jan 9th: Only 10 milligrams of Adderall gave me a short, mild panic attack while in the shower. I had to get out and lie on the bed for 5 minutes. The only reason I've continued to take the Adderall is due the extreme lethargy I've been feeling since the experience Jan 2. Another day at home on the sofa. After doing some research, I believe I'm further exhausting my adrenal system by taking Adderall. I will not take it for the next week so my body can recover. Mentally, I felt "cloudy" most of the day.

Jan 10: No Adderall today. Last night, I felt like my head was beginning to clear. Today, I'm still physically tired, but better than previous days.

Feb 12: I'm even more sensitive to several things now including hot spicy foods, which I loved before taking MDMA. My tongue is very sensitive. Good side effect: I'm taking very little Adderal now.

Due to the negative effects of the physical intolerance I seem to have with MDMA, I prefer mushrooms for therapeutic use. 

I would love to see more research on the effects of MDMA in women during perimenopause. Fluctuating hormone levels may have some effect on the experience.