My first time doing molly (and first time to a rave). This thought kept creeping through my mind over and over again as my friends and I were on our way to the rave. My drug history use before this was shrooms one time and multiple instances of weed. I did lots of research on what to expect from MDMA (as I do with everything I do) and I felt that I was prepared for what was about to happen.

We went into the venue about 30 minutes after the rave started. There wasn't too much going on at this point, but I was assured that in about an hour things would start getting good. I had not yet recieve my molly, and I was going to meet a guy that had it for me. So we went outside to the 2nd stage which was actually very large for a basically the side show.

Now I thoroughly enjoy EDM music so I certainly had no problem being sober at the rave for a little bit but I kept having the burning thought about taking molly. I kept wondering when the dealer was going to show up and the anxiety started to build and build. Eventually about a half hour later this dude wearing some sort of furry cap shows up and asks who was buying some molly. I thought it was strange he was wearing a furry cap like that but later I will find out why it is so awesome. I paid him and he handed me 2 clear capsules with a white type of powder/crystal. I read that molly can be a type of white powder so I was confident that I wasn't getting anything sketchy. 

I was told to take only 1 of the pills for now so I took it and washed it down with some water. Now we have a waiting game on our hands. I made sure to try to keep my mind off of what may about to happen and just let it take me there. 

About 40 minutes I started to feel this type of a rush just push though my body and I knew that it was starting to kick in. I kept on dancing and my movement started to feel a lot more fluid and with the music. There was a crazy brief moment where I felt like there was too much happening so I told my friends I was going to go outside for a bit. I knew this feeling too well. I was about to throw up. I would like to note that I severely hate throwing up so I was ready to do about everything in my power to not let it happen. The instant I went outside I felt a little better.

I decided to sit down and a couple of people walked up to me and asked if I was ok. 'Yes, I just needed some fresh air.' I told them. These people were also wearing furry type things and they told me to stand up. So I did as I was told surprisingly and they told me to just feel the fur they had on them.

Now what happened next was the moment I knew I was in for an awesome night. When I touched the fur I immediately felt relaxed. I have never felt something that was so soft and beautiful as the fur. They smiled and asked if this was my first time rolling. I told them that it indeed was and they said that I was in for a great night. I thanked them for helping me and went on my way back to my friends. 

For the next hour I felt myself groove to the music. I didn't just hear the music I felt it flow through me like I was one with it. Usually I'm a little self conscious of how I look dancing but at this point I could have cared a lot less. I was handed mint oil and was told to put it on myself and smell it. 'MY GOD!' I thought to myself, 'this is the best thing I have ever smelt in my life!'
I found that it was a lot easier to talk to people that were there. It's almost like the people that were rolling could just tell who else was rolling and you would all immediately just talk to each other and dance. One of my friends had these glove light type deals (which I didn't think was all that cool at first) and he asked me if he wanted to give me a show. I was all for it, I was down to try a lot of new stuff.

So I knelt down and he put the gloves basically right in my face and started to move them around in different types of patterns. This was probably one of the most fascinating things I have ever had in my life. There was so much to be seen and so much glory in the lights and the music. I got so lost in seeing the lights and hearing the music that when he was finally done I guess I had spaced out pretty hard cause he had to shake me back to reality.

About 2 hours after taking my first pill I decided to take my second one because the effects were slowly tapering off of the 1st one. We moved into the main stage where we saw Bingo Players and Adventure Club perform. It was freaking crowded in there, not to mention I was sweating buckets. 

I lost where my friends were except for one of their girlfriends. Now this next part, if I was sober would have probably been a bad thing, since I was rolling though it didn't matter. I'm a pretty tall guy so I asked her if she would go on my shoulders and she could scope them out. She agreed so I lifted her up, surprisingly easy, and I knew that she was super excited to be up above the crowd. 2 minutes after lifting her up onto my shoulders that 2nd point kicked in. Boy did it ever kick in. 

Everything in the room just lit up and it was just like everyone in the room was my best friend. The girl who was on my shoulders then scratched me head and shoulders while she was up there and I had a strange thought come into my  head. I thought for a brief moment that I was like a horse and she was just petting me but it felt so nice. I still can remember how at peace I felt when she did it. She eventually came off my shoulders and said she couldn't see anyone we knew, so we decided to just go on dancing and we will meet up with them later.

As the night about to came to close they went from playing the more hardcore type of EDM and went to a chillstep type vibe. This is the most impactful part of the night. The music was so smooth and went right through me and I could feel everything around me that was going on. It made me think about how humanity, even though we may fight and have wars, we still are together as one and that if we all just went through moments like this we could all be together. Everyone around me was being so friendly and nice. The rave culture is really kind and they taught me a lot about how we are all together and help each other. The last song was Limitless by Adventure Club. I loved this song before but not like I did at this moment. Everyone in the building raised their fists in the air and I thought it was so awesome to see everyone so together and friendly.

After it was all over I felt a nice glow and felt even more close to my friends than before. MDMA showed me that great things are capable in humanity and that we are all connected whether we realize it or not. This surely was a life changing opportunity and I look forward to the next one greatly.