Interdimensional LSD Trip

5:00pm+- Me and my friend, A drove over to our B friend's house to be dosed each 2 drops. Should be noted we smoked a few bong hits of weed before dropping. After we dropped, we headed for the road and planned to experience the come up at my friend A's house. This was also the first time I had double dosed on acid.

The road back was more jammed than expected and we were stuck on the road for more than half an hour when our acid begun to hit. Both me and A were enjoying and giggling away because of the initial euphoria and heightened state of senses one experiences on an acid trip. Slowly but surely, we reached the place, it was on the 18th floor and by now even walking to the elevator and waiting for it to rise was such a cool intense experience. Imagination was running wild for me at this point, which should be noted for the upcoming events that is all perceived by me. 

Moving on, we arrived at A's room, dropped everything and I layed on the bed, clearly fried out of my brains because of the peak. My mind was creating whirlwinds with my thoughts, and I was left struggling to keep a calm mind. A was helping me through it, speaking with some encouraging and positive words. It helped. 

Later, A decided to go for a shower, and I had started to sketch and draw on my notebook. All was going along calmly, my mind had quieted too and I was focused mainly on the subject of art. After A had showered, he appeared with a much more sullen face (not as cheerful as before). I asked what's wrong with a reply of "nothing". We brushed it off and started to play some more music, and rolled more weed. 

Later, A wanted to ask about my family, we started talking about family. The topic came to A's dad. He had stopped abruptly and started crying. All the while trying (forcefully) to hug me or pull at my hand. It was alright to me, I knew that A was trustable. But then A would stop crying altogether and look me in the eye. When I looked, I noticed that there were no tears, which now was beginning to scare me as I was pondering if A was really crying or not. 

More conversation about the dad continued, with A stopping right before, "My dad is." along those lines which indicated to me he did not want to talk about it. So I suggested we stop talking about it as the vibes were beginning to turn dark. A said that I was giving up on him already. More back and forth conversation of me trying to listen and A stopping and being silent in midst of conversation. From this point on, I was trying my hardest to enjoy the trip but A was giving me a hard time to understand the problem in A's life. I decided to be quiet as well, and was planning to call another friend to meet up instead after A had fallen asleep. 

To no avail, A suddenly grabbed me in an embrace, A was breathing deep against my neck as if sucking life force out of me as a vampire would suck blood. This freaked me out and I pushed A away prepared to fight or flight. A just laughed and said sorry. Twice again A did the forceful acts, again and again I repelled, each time more anger pent up in me as A's attitude now looked more like an act than something real. I warned A for the last time that I was really disorientated on the acid and to not disturb me like that anymore. I assured A that I will still be available to talk if he wants to. 

A relaxed after smoking some weed and now just paced around the room, looking anxious. I was still debating whether or not to leave because for some reason whenever I looked at A's face, his eyes, mouth, nose, skull, would morph and scarily enough, A looked like a demon. The ones you see in nightmares. I would like to mention, that I felt as if I had crossed paths with this friend for a number of times in past lives. Why this thought came to me I had no idea but after the trip, A revealed to me that it seemed to him I was an Angel of death and he thought that I was here to take his life. I think that notion was incredibly absurd but somehow made sense to me why I saw the demon faced A and the past lives recognition sensation. 

I am going to end my report here as to not prolong it any longer. Lastly, we both experienced what someone would call a bad trip but have emerged from it more mature and ready to better ourselves from. 

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##