I had been sitting on two feet of San Pedro Cactus that I ordered online for about 3 weeks, after I ended up deciding to plant the other 4 feet I had. My buddy Josh came over to hangout, it was a Friday night,  and I felt that my fear of trying the cactus was being overpowered by both my curiosity of the substance and my boredom at the time.

This is how we prepared the cactus before splitting it:

-Cut up up into 'stars'.
-Put into a larger pan on the stove with a small amount of water and steamed
-We then took out the pedro, and scraped the 'meat' apart from the skin, and left the core behind. We placed the san pedro meat in a blender, blended until froth and foam consistency, and then put the remnants back over the stove on a medium-to-low heat in a large and tall pot.
-We then heated over the stove until it took on somewhat of an oatmeal consistency, with much excess water cooked off.
-We then strained the akaloid-heavy water into a low frying pan, and simmered off the moisture at a low heat until it turned into a tar/resin. The resin was placed into capsules in which we ingested over the course of three or four hours.

1 hour: 
 I started to feel a lightheadedness. I felt slightly charged. Mine and Josh's equilibrium was thrown off, we were dropping things and stumbling around. Theres a background hum.

2 hours:
The hum is more intense, and I feel the butterfly's in the stomach feeling. Similar to that of your stomach before a rollercoaster descent. My vision is brighter, I feel like I can force visuals if I stare at fine print for a long and attentive period. There is definitely a warm and fuzzy component to it. I must say it had a rather 'dumbing' effect, I felt that we were both operating a very low level of intellect, much lower than I am used to, (for lack of a better way of explaining this phenomenon). I feel a cool breeze over my scalp, even though the air is calm. I would say my skin felt like the initial chills of the flu.

4-6 hours: 
This was the peak of the trip.
Josh leaves. The dumbing effect disappears essentially, and I am left with a really clear stream of consciousness. It almost seems as I watch the television that I'm entirely sober for bits of time, and when I look at something in detail and pay attention It makes the trip become more vivid. The visuals were much different than that of LSD or Mushrooms, instead of objects as a whole breathing and warping and waving, only sections of objects tended to do this. The visuals (as most) are difficult to describe but I will try my best.
 
Staring at a lamp, the lamp post would bend slowly from side to side, while the top of the lamp would stay in place. Laying on my couch and looking at my blinds, its as if the negative spaces in between the blinds have saw tooth edges, seated and jaggering slightly. While watching the television, peoples eye colors are more darting and vivid. Their faces seem almost alien.

There was a 'creepy' component to the visuals I experienced, they were a little vivid, and less controlled than say an LSD or Mushroom experience. I was under the impression being a phenthylamine that it would be a very warm and cuddly place, but instead seemed to possess a slightly cold and lonely tone. Somewhat unfamiliar, like a nightmare headspace, of feeling unsure or vulnerable (though not a nightmare in any true sense of the word).
 
6-12 hours:
Feeling slowly fades away, very subtly. Nothing notable or interesting or worth noting in the comedown. Just a typical glide down. A bit tired.

All in all, it was an interesting substance to try, and dip my toes into. I would probably try it again, but would want to explore a dosage bigger than a foot, (maybe 2-3 feet). I much prefer the LSD and Mushroom headspace to the Mescaline one, as they seemed more pleasurable and colorful and friendly.