Sacred Cactus Extract (4fl oz 40 grams dry)

Two Fridays ago I held a sacred cactus meeting as my church does 4-6 times yearly. The mindset is always the same but for different reasons, healing is the intention. My job finishes at night so I prepared the extract earlier that day for a 930 pm beginning. 

Lets start with set which is fasting for 4-6 hrs before and eating light foods that day. Mostly vegetables and fruit, no milk or animal product which make the stomach more intense. Now for setting :) After setting out my Mesa alter which is complex and chosen over the last decade I wash the sacrament down with water and citrus. Burning white sage and palo santo in the different directions of our Mesa. This creates the ritual which is our way of honoring our ancestors and the nostalgia of the ancients. 

The sacrament is finished at 945 and the water drum is brought out to start singing our church songs, Tarjos:) these are self created song based partly on ancient ceremony and part on personal relations to the sacrament.

1045 the cactus pulses through me and my wife but the stomach always is very serious and teaches one respect for the power of sacrament 

1145 The stomach had passed and the visual stain glass begins to touch ones heart in a magnificent way. The beauty and communion are indescribable. My wife once said it was as if her Granma had shown her this medicine, even though we are both not from this heritage. We were introduce by a native when I was 18 years old and his grandfather instructed us on proper respect of sacrament.

Midnight-by now the discomfort has faded and we sing harmonies that vibrate through us as if we are feeling the earth breathing and pulsing with a heart beat of its own. Plants seem to be divine and have hidden divinity it them.
1am/ citrus never tasted so refreshing 
2am/ feelings of love for life and family/ friends are so strong. With visual very colorful and vibrant
3 am going strong and very touching 
4am still amazing by the ancientness of the sacrament and being reborn refreshed
5am beginning to feel more calm and wrapping up
Next 16hrs very warm after glow 

In conclusion we feel that cactus is the lining to our hearts and shows us our true animal nature and how we can heal ourselves :) W don't eat chocolate or any antidepressants which make one throw up violently.