##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

DMT: An Introduction to the World of the Unknown

	First and foremost I would like to provide a brief history of my experience with drugs. In general I am a daily smoker of cannabis and a frequent user of alcohol. Before my first DMT experience and to this day I am a semi-regular user of LSD and psilocybin mushrooms (which in my opinion warrants using either-or anywhere from once to three times a month) and have been so for about two years. Before successfully taking a dose of DMT I attempted to vaporize it once before but due to some sort of error in my method I felt nothing more than a bit lightheaded for a couple of minutes, clearly not reaping the benefits of the drug. 
	Anyway, my first (successful) DMT experience was unlike any psychedelic experience that I have ever had which was something that I expected, but at the same time was not quite prepared for. Many people describe DMT as a roller coaster, and when referring to the term 'blasting off' note that you should quite literally 'strap in' before taking a dose of DMT because it feels like you are blasting off into space. Now, although this sounded quite appealing to me, the idea of such an experience also scared me to say the least. I have heard testimonies from friends and acquaintances stating that it is extremely rare for one to be completely prepared for a DMT experience having never done it, and that it can often be very overwhelming and confusing during the trip for a first timer. These were things that I was expecting, but I truly believe that I underestimated the effects of this drug.
	The setting that I was present in during my experience was nothing spectacular. I had attended COSM which stands for Chapel of Sacred Mirrors, where Alex Grey a very well known psychedelic artist lives and holds events such as the one I attended on every full moon weekend. While enjoying the sights and music of the event, I met up with an old friend who traded me around a .2 dose of DMT for a hatpin. After returning home from the event I sat in a very average bedroom in my friends house preparing to take the dose that I had in a folded up dollar bill. I was accompanied by one of my good friends who has experience with the drug and wanted to present to help guide me through the process and take the rig from my hands and such. 
	So, here comes the good stuff. I held the glob of crumble like material at the end of a dabber, and waited as my friend heat up the rig that I was going to hit it off of. When the nail was at the ideal temperature, I dropped it on the nail and took it just like I would a dab. The rig milked up quite a bit and I knew I was in for a treat when I realized how much smoke had occupied the rig. I then cleared the rig and took a deep breath in, and after holding it for as long as I humanly could, leaned back against the bedpost and let a cloud of smoke out of my lungs. The split second that I released the smoke from my lungs, I immediately experienced the room changing in several ways. The patters on the wallpaper seemed to shift and slide about like they usually do on LSD or mushrooms, and the color in the room seemed to change into a more vibrant and overexposed tinge. Then, before I could really process what was going on, I started feeling like I was moving a million miles an hour in this bed. It felt the way that I probably imagine taking a sheet to the face feels like right as it kicks in.
	To be completely honest, at first I hated it. It was extremely overwhelming and uncomfortable just as moving several hundred miles an hour in a bed would probably feel like. All I could think about what, 'When is this going to end', 'I really don't like this', 'I can't wait for this to be over'. But then, I had the sudden urge to close my eyes. It felt almost like a sneeze or a yawn that I could have avoided if I really tried but my body and my mind was telling me that closing my eyes was the thing to do, so I did. And, when I did, I felt so relieved and all of a sudden so very comfortable. It was almost as though I had been through a storm but now I had walked into a nice warm log cabin with a fire going and all my friends were happy to see me arrive, a feeling of extreme gratitude and satisfaction with where I was. I tend to remember much of my dreams and I tend to dream a lot, which I correlate directly with my DMT experience and specifically how much of it I remembered, which was a significant amount. I won't bombard you all with the 'trippy visual' details that I can't really explain or attach meaning to, but what I do want to note is the first thing I saw when I closed my eyes that many of my friends have also reported which is that I was flying through a tunnel face first, almost like Peter Pan would fly, and the tunnel's walls were made out of pink and yellow bricks and there were flower's with big smiley faces verbally welcoming me to this new world. I could tell that I didn't have long in this new world, so I tried to make the most out of it. I continued to float and fly around for a while and It seemed as though I had lost my sense of self but not completely, more-so just that I was so overwhelmed and encapsulated by what I was experiencing that I didn't have time to remember who I was or what I was doing. After a few more minutes went by, I popped out of the hole and all of a sudden I was nearly sober, with a few visuals on the wall and a giggly feeling, but I was mostly back to normal. 
	All in all, DMT is very powerful and to be respected as a very spiritual and ritualistic substance.