As far as my mindset around the time of the experience goes, simply put, I wasn't very happy. It's hard to explain exactly how I was feeling or why but it was like an empty, sinking feeling. I didn't feel connected to what was happening around me and it seemed like I was just watching my life happen, having no real desire to be apart of it. My first mistake was probably choosing to consume such a powerfully mind altering substance in this state of mind. But if there's one thing I can't stay away from, it's mind altering substances. Before this experience I had experimented with Acid quite a few times, DXM, Diphenhydramine, a very small amount of Shrimp, Xanax, and of course, tons of that sticky icky. I'm curious how different it would have been, or if I would have tried it at all, if I hadn't experienced these things beforehand.

It was a cool, cloudy night and my friends C and M called me. They said some ambiguous bullshit and I was pretty sure I knew what they were suggesting. I hung up and started getting very nervous and excited. They showed up at my house and I hopped in the car. I sat there in the back seat. Preparing myself, taking deep breaths, hoping C would play a good song to blast off to. He throws on Sodium by Bones, and I decide it's good enough (in hindsight, it didn't really set a good mood). I start lighting the bowl and my anxiety starts to fade. I feel the now familiar rush and my vision gets crystal clear. I hold in the first hit for at least ten seconds and exhaled almost no smoke. Then I notice time seems to have slowed down quite a bit. Cole was hitting his vape and the smoke cloud slowly expanded out of his mouth. It was pretty cool, and I would have been fine stopping there if I had known what was about to happen to my mind. The song switched to 90210 (also by Bones) and it sounded fucking amazing. The smooth bass and electronic tones took on an ethereal, almost heavenly sound. The sound became visible when I closed my eyes, appearing as a sort of flowing multicolor liquid. I take a second huge hit and hold for around 8 seconds, blowing out a sizable cloud. My vision begins to vibrate like I'm looking through static. The body high immediately gets unbelievable and my eyes get very heavy. As it's knocking me out I think to myself 'yes, finally, I'm breaking through'. 
         
I feel my perception grow a new dimension. It seems like my consciousness is expanding into infinity while simultaneously shrinking to an infinitesimal point. I lost any kind of reference point in space or time. In the blackness behind my eyelids, I see what appears to be pure information flowing through the darkness. This shimmering, multicolored river expanded in my mind as it took on a distinct intelligence/personality. This expansion was accompanied by horribly warped electronic grinding sounds. These sounds, if you can even call them that, mixed with the song that was still playing. This quickly became overwhelming as this hyper intelligent robot from the future of another dimension seemed to force its way into my mind. At this point it had been about a minute and a half since I took the first hit.
       
The strange electronic sounds became what I can only describe as robot screams. Whatever was communicating with me sounded very unhappy. The river of information I was witnessing morphed into my face, and then it melted. I couldn't help but be absolutely terrified. It was like all the information in the universe was being forced into my skull. It became increasingly difficult to let go, reality was dissolving into... something... something I can't even begin to find words for. And it was scaring the living shit out of me. After 2 and a half minutes I felt like I was in real danger. With this came a rising nausea, I knew what was about to happen and I was actually thankful because it was pulling me away from this horrifying entity. 'I'm going to throw up' I told C. He was like ok it's cool just do it out the window. So, still tripping harder than I had ever imagined was possible, I stick my head out the window and puke in the middle of some random neighborhood. I was astounded that only a very small amount of vomit got in/on M's car. 
          
I sat back down in the seat, trying to wrap my head around, or even just find some words that would do the experience justice. Needless to say, I couldn't. I just sat there with my mouth hanging open, dumbfounded and still pretty high. It took about an hour before I was physically back to baseline. This was the first time in my entire life where I actually thought I was going to die. Coming out of it all I could think was NOPE NEVER DOING THAT AGAIN EVER FUCK THAT WHAT JUST HAPPENED. But after having some time to think about it and digest the event, I couldn't not go back there. It was absolutely fucking astounding . I don't know what I saw. I don't know what I heard or felt or perceived or anything. There literally are not words in the English language that describe what happens to me when enough of this molecule enters my brain. But it's bananas.