My acid experience, my "trip", as most would call it, is by far the most important thing I have experienced up to date, as it revealed to me my life mission, my real origin, and my ego; love and beauty itself.

It was a Friday, and my best friend (we'll call her V), had informed me the week before that she could get LSD from a dealer at college. We've been trying to get our hands on it for a long time, and since every single one of those times ended in disappointment when something went wrong, I was a bit skeptical that she could really get it. 

She told me that she had done it already, one time, and that she wanted to do it next week, on Friday. I gave her 12 bucks, which is what 1 hit cost, and she got it on Tuesday. I was so excited; I couldn't believe that we were actually going to experience LSD for the first time. I had been anxious all week, looking forward to Friday, time couldn't pass any slower for me. I was ready.

Friday finally came, a day on which I had no college and neither did she. She picked me up at 8 AM and went straight to her house. There was no one home, we were completely alone. We cleaned her house and proceeded to take a shower, after that we started getting ready. I wanted to feel beautiful while I was on acid, and really appreciate my beauty and body. I wore a pink skirt and a small white blouse.

15 minutes in: The LSD was kicking in slowly, at first I could feel myself light as a feather, I closed my fists and it almost felt funny. I was texting my mother back, as she was angry at me for something silly and not important, all of a sudden the keyboard on my phone started moving. I found this funny, and chuckled a bit, and told V about it. She said she was feeling it too. I proceeded to put mascara on, which I was doing in front of a full body mirror. All of sudden, I could see the veins of my eyelids just swirling slightly. They were so visible and clear and I was so utterly amazed about how beautiful they looked. They were so thin and partially green, I kept saying "Oh my God," to myself, it was all I could say. I was shocked. 

I told V about it, and she kept on telling me how amazing she felt. She turned on the music, playing "Home" by Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. I didn't know the lyrics to the song, but I didn't care and V encouraged me to just sing along. I felt amazed as I kept staring at my body in the mirror, astonished, I felt the tears accumulating in my eyes. V noticed and told me she had also cried in her first experience, overwhelmed by the beauty of it all.

I kept telling her about our legs, our body and how amazing it was that the human anatomy was so perfectly formed. We talked about how it was possible to have so much knowledge, to really understand and be able to view the world the way humans do, unlike plants and trees, who are merely feelers of the earth. We considered ourselves so lucky, to be the only race able to appreciate this beauty of the world.

We kept talking about how LSD was like a box, it takes you in, then you come out, and again it takes you in, and you come out again. At times I felt overwhelmed by so much truth that V was speaking, our ego and hateful, spiteful feeling, government disgrace, the way the world was falling apart, something only us humans could do. It was like I was seeing everything from a new perspective, everything I knew before was presenting itself in a different light and I felt new to this world, I felt cleansed. 
We went outside to her mother's balcony; it was full of plants and had a tall fountain with a child dipping his hand in the water. It looked beautiful in the sunlight. We could see the ocean from afar, the park, and the streets. To the side, was a big mountain covered in white, moving clouds. I sat in a chair and observed the beauty around me; finally awakened, taking it all as if it was the first time I saw this world for itself. Her small cat that had just had babies came outside to join us, and it was the happiest moment of my life. She drank water from the fountain and just lay beside us. 

I realized we were just humans who picked the wrong path; a race gone terribly, terribly wrong. We ate so many cherries, strawberries, and watermelon. I studied algebra and finally understood some of the things I had been struggling with for quite some time. 

As we kept on going about the way our society lived, V started talking about how everything is a competition on earth. Everybody wants to be better than everyone, struggling for acceptance and success. We kept on going about how our emotions are assigned to us since birth, how a crying baby when born, has to be sad, and they comfort it, how they teach us to be afraid of the dark, how crying means sadness, and how it's wrong to say "I love you", when you're in a relationship to anyone of the opposite sex. 

I realized that I had been put here on earth to accomplish my mission of saving people. Kindness, friendship, and patience is the reason I am here. I'm not here to make money, to have the best job, or the best car; I realized I am here to help people, that is true freedom. Love is true freedom.

I analyzed my relationship and realized I was being too hard on my boyfriend; I wasn't being the girlfriend I always said I would be. I was being selfish and getting angry for small, stupid reasons that only caused him pain. Mainly his personality, I felt he was too silly and that annoyed me, I felt people saw it too. I felt so guilty that I had treated him that way these past few days, the pain of having wasted so much precious, precious time with my significant other deeply pained me. All I wanted to do was say I'm sorry and kiss him passionately, and fix everything I did wrong. I realized nothing is forever, and there will be a time where we won't be together anymore, either by a break up or by death, and I longed for him more than ever in that moment. 

V and I spent the rest of the day talking about our feeling and events in our lives. I went home at 7:30 and found no one home, so I made some tea and read in my room, spending time with my pet turtle and my cat. I took pictures and videos, and couldn't fall asleep because I didn't want this amazing experience to end, and I only prayed that I could hold this lesson forever, and apply it every single day of my life. 

I look forward to my second acid trip very, very soon. I plan on going into it with a different state of mind, now knowing what to expect. There is no hiding with LSD, every single one of my fears and feelings came  out and made me face it. I consider this the most self-rewarding experience I have ever come across until now. I am not the same person anymore. I have seen real life, and I look forward to achieving this state of mind in my daily life. Safe tripping!