I generally am a healthy person with no addictive tendencies. I've always been curious about MDMA but never had access to the drug. I grew up in a pretty crap neighborhood, but with my mother being an educator, I had a solid upbringing. 

This experience was at a music festival in GA. We camped for 3 days. I went alone, and met a great group of people there. A couple two tents down was handing out a rock like substance then approached me with it. When I asked what it was, they replied 'MDMA, it's pure'. I took it but didn't consume it. I returned to my tent and researched the drug quickly to study the effects. Once I became fairly educated about it I decided to take the entire rock, whole and swallow it. 

The effects took about 30-40 minutes to kick in. The first feeling was a rush of euphoria. I smiled, knowing that it had took effect. I hugged the person who gave it to me and told him that I was grateful to be around such lovely people. We started walking toward the festival grounds, and I suddenly felt the urge to dance and run. I galloped and danced my way into the gate, all with a huge smile. My friends were doing the same. 

While in the crowd, I was extremely sociable and happy. I danced and talked with people I didn't know, and had a great time. At one moment though, I began to dance with an older woman in the crowd, and she refused violently. This did not bring my high down or hurt my feelings so to speak. But nonetheless it showed me that I was still rational even in the face of adversity during my trip. 

The physical effects started to take place about 1.5 hours in. I began to bite and scrape my bottom lip with my teeth. Not violently, but enough to make it sore. I was very thirsty, drinking a lot of water. Maybe consumed about 3 bottles of water over the course of the high. I didn't eat before or during the trip, but was very hungry after. It all lasted around 3 hours. 

The next day I was sort of at a low. I wasn't depressed, just very tired and my lip was scarring after the biting. I slept it off and was fine the day after. 

Overall the experience was amazing. I would do it again. I would prepare with something to chew or hold in between my teeth to stop myself from biting or chewing. And bring plenty of water to avoid a dry mouth. But it was fun!