Wow

I was a High School Freshman boy and was very naive and intruged at all the stuff High School had to offer. I thought High School would be boring since I was only a Freshman and not very popular, but people at this school were very nice and friendly, so getting into crazy stuff was pretty easy.

I had an older friend Ill call X. I gotta thank X. He would pretty much do anything for me and this other dorky Freshman and expect nothing in return. One time, me and X were and this other kid were playing Watch Dogs pretty high on weed. We were playing the digital trip and I asked X if we could do Hallucinagens sometime. He said sure, and next weekend he had LSD for us both.

The first stage is the giggles. Everything seemed funny, and I notice the slight effect of my friend moving faster. While giggling hysterically I smushed my face in a pillow. When I looked up from the pillow... It happened. Just like that I was tripping balls. The high is hard to explain. But it is very intense. So intense that it may have even been a bigger part of the trip than the hallucinations. The best way to describe it is that I feel this disoriented, depressed, euphoric, overwhelming, dreamlike, meaty, and spiritually mysterious feeling. That doesn't really give it full justice. I can't really describe it.

A lot happened, so I will just give you the most interesting details in no particular order. I very interesting experience was star gazing. Lines formed between the stars forming constellations. But the were not any constellations. They were 3-D. To add even more complexity, they were not actually 3-D, but were made of 2-D lines that gave a sense of depth, like when you draw a cube. To extenuate this perspective effect, the stars were different sizes, so that the bigger ones would be were they would be closer tho the viewer if the shape was 3-D. Another interesting effect was an invisible buffolo on a monocolor TV screen. If you think about it, an infinite variety of shapes make up any shape, because any shape can be cut out of any shape. Well I saw the silhouette of an invisible buffolo on this surface. It was not a different color than the rest of the surface or separated with a line. The screen was still monocolor, but I just saw where the buffolo would be.

As well as the visual hallucinations, I also had situational hallucinations. Keep in mind, that hallucinations are not dillusions. You can tell hallucination from reality. But I had a hallucination that X was my dad. I knew he wasn't, and he had no characteristics of my dad that could be detected by the five senses. It more just felt like this whole thing was a dad/son adventure. Music was also very odd. After every lick, it would end out of tune. But even though it was not in tune from a conventional standpoint, it sounded very good in its own unique way.

Another amazing thing was that I could not tie my shoes. I knew how to tie them. I was physically able to. I wanted to. I had the willpower, but something was missing. This was so interesting cause it made me consider that there may be many more parts of our brain involved in even mundane tasks that we are not aware of. And I only became aware of one of these parts when it was turned off. I heard there can be much worse side effects, but fortunately the only side effect I had was feeling extremely stuffy. Thankfully we had a bucket of water right by our side, but it mentally felt like I was covered in way to many blankets. That is not a metaphor. It was the physical equivalent of that, but in my brain. But other than that small discomfort, it was pretty fun.