Before this shrooms trip, I had extremely limited drug use experience. This was my first time trying psychedelics, and I had only smoked marijuana once before. I also had not eaten at all the day of taking the shrooms.

There were 5 of us, including me, and 3 of the others I have known for years and am very comfortable with. Luckily, the fourth one was a good friend of theirs, so I was able to trust him enough so that it wouldn't negatively impact my own trip.

It's 6:30 PM, and we head into my friend's kitchen to chop up the shrooms (we each took 2g) in a Ninja blender. We then filled up the dome part with a little bit of water and (tried) to chug down the particulates. As a first time shroomer, I didn't know how they tasted, and that actually turned out to maybe not be the best idea. I had to try very hard to swallow the shrooms, without gagging, and then immediately chase with orange juice. The process of consumption took 7 or 8 minutes, so now it's right around 6:40.

10 or 15 minutes later, I feel incredibly content and stoned. My limbs are heavy, and as I try to text some friends, I realize my dexterity is all but non-existent. The virtual keyboard is 3D, and it looks like my fingers are pressing beneath the letters. My friend's girlfriend, whose apartment we are utilizing for the trip, goes to lie down because she's in a bit of a sour mood. We were actually shorted on the shrooms, and she was understandably upset about that.

So I'm sitting there, watching my friends play Gamecube, because there's no way I would be able to handle the controller--but that's okay, I was perfectly fine observing them, and that concept of 'observing' would be the theme for my night.

It's about 7:30 now, and I'm fully feeling the effects of the shrooms. There aren't much visual hallucinations, but everything is perfect. 'Everything is good,' I made sure everyone knew, repeatedly. Every 10 to 20 minutes, the trip would change, and I could feel it. It would come in these waves, my skin would buzz with ecstasy as I felt the boundaries between myself and my environment dissolve. We were all on the same psychedelic wave, in energetic sync, and it was profound and intensely personal. And that 'energy' was just pure joy, wanting to burst out of my body. The laughter started, and didn't soon stop. 

My friend's girlfriend came out, and was fighting the trip due to her mood. She soaked up the energy like a sponge, taking the joy out of the trip, but only temporarily. After she saw how much fun we were having, she allowed herself to give in and started to trip with us. And from there, the night only got better.

Distance was no longer a concept I understood. We were spread out all over the living room, but it felt like we were all together. Not just us, though, but the whole world. Distance, and to some extent time, were fabrications that had no place in my trip. At least, for the duration of that wave.

By 8:00, I was no longer in direct control of my body. There were two 'I's, the conscious and the physical, and I was separate. We would step out onto the balcony on occasion, and it was March, so it was chilly, but I couldn't feel the cold. I knew my body was getting cold, so I went inside, but I couldn't feel it. I'm seeing everything from a near-third person perspective, and it seems like all of us on the trip are part of an elaborate painting, separated from and observing the rest of the physical world.

Not long after we're all back inside, I stand near the dining table at the end of the room. I see my friend's friend standing at the other end. I know that the floor is level, but it seems like where he is standing, the floor is about 6 inches higher due to a slight incline. He starts to walk towards me and I yell at him to stop, because even though he was walking down an incline, his height relative to me didn't change, and that shouldn't be possible. I feared that if he stood in the same location as me, physics would somehow irreparably break. I wasn't scared, though, in fact we were all laughing about it. He was kind enough to oblige and stand on the other end, until the next wave came.

It's a little after 9:00 now, and my friend and his girlfriend went to their room, and the other two have gone back out onto the balcony to smoke, so I lie alone on their couch, able to do some real introspection. Slowly, as time passes, I feel my conscious self re-merging with my physical self, until I finally feel whole again. Not only did I feel whole, I felt born anew, as if the life I had experienced prior to that moment was entirely trivial--this was my actual life, for the first time. By the time I'm 'me' again, it's 10:10 and I'm really coming down.

We all gathered back out in the living room, talking about our experience, and how fabulous it was for all of us. I had a slight headache, no doubt from mental exhaustion coupled with having not eaten, but it was worth it.

I'm now good friends with the stranger I met that night, but I guess taking a trip away from reality with someone will do that. Shrooms are a perfect ice breaker. Who knew?