My first (but not last) experience with shrooms:

Part 1: Knowledge of the unknown

At my parents farm (northern louisiana), I and my friend were set to go fishing for the day.  After opening the gate, I drove my Runner through while he closed.  Driving down the path, my friend - let's call him Trip - said, in a muffled, excited voice, 'Oh my God!  Look at the shrooms!'.  Nothing new to me, they've been there since I was a boy.  Little did I know how these would add such a change to my life perspective.

After convincing me they were harmless and I would love them, we picked a huge amount (like half a glad trash bag) and headed to his house.  Trip went to the kitchen, boiled some water, put about 12  shrooms in and after 4 min's, took them out, added Kool Aid, and served me my first dose of new reality.  He told me it would take about 30 min's to set in and we left for the movies.

Having bought the tickets on the way in - I was nervous about seeing people from the hospital - I was totally relaxed.  

Part 2:  The Truck Ride

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

First, let me expalin I have no ordinary Runner.  It's a 99' Limited 4WD, rims, tires, rack, grille, nurfs, etc. - and a stereo that you would kill for (Boston Acoustic, Alpine and Sound Stream). Ok. . .we got in and loaded The Crystal Method.  Driving down what was once a familiar highway, after about 13 min's, I didn't know where I really was.  I mean, I knew the vicinity, I knew my truck and Trip, but I couldn't remember how to get to the fucking movies.  My skin initially vibed and a twinge started at the base of my skull, radiated outward down my limbs and ended with a plastered smile across my face.  I pulled over into Wal-Mart's parking lot to gain my bearings and park my truck.  I looked over at Max, saw this devilish grin on his face and ended up laughing for about 20 min's - and uncontrolable laugh that had my stomach in cramps and tears streaming from my eyes.  I knew this was going to be a great night.

Part 3:  Movie. . .I don't think so

We ditched the tickets and headed to my parents house boat.  I know, trust me, that you're wondering how I kept my bearings - it just felt natural but I also understand it wouldn't have been an excuse if I killed someone while driving on this, sorry.  Anyhoo, we parked the boat in a wooded cove, let down the ski and cranked Crystal again.  The moon was full, the water black as tar and the air perfect.  I thought I was Jesus for a while, floating in the water, secured to about 8 lifevests.  We drank a few beers, laughed like never before and music took on a new definition for me.  The night lasted about 13 hours and never did I have a 'bad' or scary time.  It was simply incredible.

Part 4:  A review of the 'effects'

Like I said, initially it took me by surprise how fast it hit me, how strong the effects were and the unfamiliarity of my new mindset.  But, after about 5 min's, I was ok with everything.  But, I must say, I am a headstrong person and live for danger and new experiences.  Driving on shrooms??? Hmmm. . .for me, it was awesome.  Was I in as much control as I felt I was in? Trip, tripping like I was, was no gauge for my driving tactics - but the Trooper on side of us for about 3 miles was - seemed to be fine, but I haven't done it since.

The colors of life, the sky, the way the music sounded - '...this message is coming to you. . .', I thought it was coming to ME.  My sense seemed to be heightened about 1000 times normal and everything had a slant of humor or happiness.  The boat. . Wow!!!  The sky, moon, air and water were all equally as warm to my senses as my own heart. As in the truck, everything seemed to be a new environment, a new place that I was very comfortable in/with, but experiencing for the first time.

What can I say about shrooms??? I love them, do them frequently.  Like the Matrix, everything you knew before seems to be unreal. . .of a different world and the one I am in after ingesting shrooms will be much more loving.


p.s. i've also been 175mph on my 900RR, sky diving and mountain biking while on shrooms, but that's another story.