 This story takes place at my brothers house and his girlfriend was also there.we had been talking about smoking together for a while now but never had the chance.so one day he picks me up and we go to his house. He asked me if I ever dabbed before. I say no but I'm willing to try it.

Now at this time I had a low to none tolerance and could only get high to myself around once a week.(parents did not approve of weed).also I should importantly mention that I have had what seemed to be scary egodeaths or a view behind the movie screen from weed.these experiences were not very fun and made me very anxious and confused.and I had no idea what I was about to get myself into.I take the dab and cough profusely on my way to the bathroom and continue for the next 5 minutes. I look in the mirror and tell myself 'holy fuck I'm high'.

 I sit back down on the couch next to my brother and watch the comedian on the screen.he did not seem funny at all.all I could think about was I couldn't breathe and how something felt very wrong.I look to my brother and say ' somethings wrong'. He asked me what is wrong and if I want to go lay down. I agree and and go lay down.there is music playing in the background and I cannot help but be somewhat aroused by the musical sound.(don't ask me why I have no clue why I would think that).now I was in so much pain it was insane.

I have never felt such pain in my life and I have broken bones in the past.my body felt as if it was being ripped off me.I can presume that this was the body high I must have been subconsciously fighting or resisting.Its very hard to describe the pain but it was sheer hell.my eyes are now closed and I now believe 100% I am dead and the blackness must be the universe.the only explanation I could think of at the time for me going under so much pain was to create anew.

I must create the universe in which I destroyed. I don't remember how I went about doing this but I knew I had to create the universe to experience reality.after that I had a seizure in my brother s arms.he calls the paramedics and I wake up in the hospital.my parents find out and hate me for doing drugs on top of me having a mentally tragic expeirence.

I'm not really sure what the trip meant but I will never forget it.all over one dab.I hope whoever has had a strange experience with a dab you are not alone.