I think health side effects should be kept on record for any psychedelic drug even if not everyone experiences it.

For myself I had done LSD in the summer of 2015, purchased from a reputable on-line vendor from [darknet], and a few weeks previous I had done some mushrooms, so that may have contributed to the negative effect.

I began tripping around 11am and walked around a forest near my home. Initially the visuals were nice and there was a feeling of curiosity mingled with excitement. 

I did suffer from a few negative effects from this LSD and I was in a state of LSD cross-tolerance, which I had from a mushroom trip two weeks previous, which I believe contributed to these pains, i.e. if I had some more time in between to return to a mental baseline I think the trip would have been superior.

In any sense the two most common health complaints during the trip was, a dull-headache that felt like my entire brain was being mentally stimulated but without consequence. This dull-ache lasted for a good four hours after it began about 3 hours into the trip. This may have been exacerbated by a lack of water which I tried to rectify once I arrived back home. Needless to say this was mentally and emotionally exhausting.

Secondly due to the stress endured during the trip my stomach was undergoing some muscle strain at the general location around my esophageal sphincter. For me to have stomach pain is very uncommon and this muscle pain lasted for minutes at a time and then for months after the trip. It would occur occasionally when I ate, before I ate, or just randomly throughout the day.

As well I tend to become easily paranoid and that sensation was definitely a feature during the second half of the trip. At one point I passed the police while walking back home and began to fear that the musings aloud that I had done earlier in a park was overheard and the cops had been called. This fear persisted for a good two hours afterwards until I went to sleep.

Overall I think it would have gone better if I had not had that cross-tolerance and I am disappointed that my first LSD trip featured more negative moments than good.