My name is P, I am 19years old and over the past 3 years I've used a lot of drugs, so I can safely say I know how to deal with overwhelming and scary drug experiences.

So last weekend me and a few of my friends went to a techno party. There was a very good dj playing so I was very keen and I had a bag with probably 0,5g of ketamine left over from the previous weekend and I bought a bag of speed and 2 MDMA pill(180mg each) for the party. I did not plan on taking all of it that night but I always prefer to take more than I'll need than taking less and being sober at the end. Also I am quite heavy drinker so before the party when I was predrinking I had about 300ml of Jim Beam.

What I'll write here I what I can remeber from this experience, I am sure that it is not 100% accurate and also not sure about the order that things happened, but you'll get the picture.

As soon as we arrived at the place of the party I had 1 pill and I had already had a little bit of speed when I was predrinking, I was feeling great and was very keen to party.

We went inside and I grabbed a beer and was having a very good time for the first hour or so.

I'm guessing probably around 1 hour and a half of being at the party I decided to have a key bump of ketamine. This is when things started getting very weird. Because I was on MDMA and a bit of speed I was feeling amazing and invincible, so thought 'hey why not a big fucking bump to get me going', and that was a very bad choice.

10 or 15 minutes after this bump, I started literally tripping the fuck out. I couldnt not remember that I had ketamine, every time I shut my eyes I would see all these line patterns and when I opened my eyes I couldn't really see anything unless I looked straight at it, so I could only see what I was looking at and nothing around it. At this point when I had my eyes opened I really could not tell if it was a dream or if I was really there. I felt like my conciousness was somewhere completely different than my body, and despite still being able to walk and talk I did not know if I was really doing that or if all that was a dream. It was very hard to understand what was going on. It was kinda like I was watching everything my eyes were seeing through a screen but I wasn't really controlling anything.

When I got to my senses a little bit I started to try to remember if I had had any psychedelic drugs and I thought for a second and remembered that I had that ketamine line, but because I had never had a line so big I never experienced anything like that.

After I understood what was going on, I was still really fucked up but I was not nervous or anything because I know very well how to deal with ' bad trips' and I know it would probably wear off pretty soon.

For the next hour or so I was just walking around the party by myself not really understanding where I was or what I was doing there but I cant say it was not enjoyable cause the music was quite good and everyone was very fucked up too.

After that I met up again with my friends and that felt very good cause I felt really safe. From then on we just danced a lot and we just had a few more drinks and speed and it was very fun.