Contextualization: I am a 18 years old religious brazilian boy. I am two years experienced in the religious use of ayahuasca (Santo Daime and other lines of work) and since one year 'baptized' in umbanda, a syncretic religion that mixes spiritism, catholicism, african orishas and possession of spirits of the deceased who come back to Earth to teach us. I have already experimented with ayahuasca more than I can count (and thank the beverage for who am I today), Brugmansia, Morning glory, marijuana (Santa Maria as I prefer to call it), Jurema (MHRB) and I guess that's it. 

--------------------------------------
Since I moved to where I live now I sensed a new chapter in the book of my life. Here where I am now I came to find Rainha (Psychotria viridis), Trombeta (Brugmansia suaveolens) and now I was blessed with a family of magic mushrooms (I yet have to discover their names) from the Psilocybe spp. happily living in a load of cow dung of mysterious origins. The 'condominium' I live in is literally in the middle of the atlantic forest, up in the mountains. How did I identify the mushrooms? Well, when I saw the first one I had the mediunic assurance that it was the right one. Can't give you any scientific prove. It was a small (the size of a thumb aproximatedly, maybe 3 grams) white capped mushroom that had some sort of 'golden nipple' on top of it, it's stalk was blueish. I proceeded to take him home and ate it with garlic and bread (I found it a little bit disrespectful, but he tasted really bad), then I climbed some trails around the mountains and the mushroom came to give me his lessons 1 hour (plus some minutes) later, when I was home listening to a soul music of Tim Maia. I felt blessed once again, I danced to the flow of the universe. Then I went to the altar room (a room I have in my house with an altar of umbanda + some symbols of Santo Daime) and started playing some hymns on my guitar with a smile on my face, I was being treated kindly by the mushrooms, I proceeded to play my djembe (some sort of african drum) and then I was posessed by the spirit of a Caboclo (don't be scared, fellow reader, it is common in my religion), a deceased native-american so-to-speak who cleansed the altar. 

Afterwards I took a walk in some sort of trails in the mountains where I layed down in the middle of the forest and started to realize how futile some concepts of possession are. I found a unique rock in the dirt and thought to myself 'this is more valuable than gold' and threw it into nowhere. What is gold and why is it so 'valuable'? Things have value because we agree it does, but what does it really mean? I laughed a lot alone in the woods realizing how stupid are the human concerns. 

The mushrooms taught me lot of things, in a way that I feel like the right word to describe the experience is 'anarchist', the concepts of value, self and power were completely destroyed, as they made no sense in my conception by the time. Physically I felt like no one could stop me. I felt really alive, like I could climb mountains like it was nothing.

I was really happy by the mushroom's student, the destruction of my concept of 'self' made me question a lot about who am I today, and why do I do the things I do (being a religious guy), why do I do charity? What makes me feel the need to be a good person? That kind of thought gave me the chills. Later I came to the sense that it was part of the lesson, we need to destroy before we learn it all over again. I am really happy with this experience and gathered some other 'hongos' to learn more, I have yet to discover their names.