This was the worst experience of my life (so far) and I would not wish it on anyone.

I had acquired psilocybin mushrooms and invited my friend over to my house to try them. I live with my parents and my room was upstairs right above my mom's room. We mad a mushroom tea, and I measured approximately two 3 gram doses to brew. We decided to take them during the night while everyone was sleeping. After the tea was done brewing my friend asked if he could eat mushrooms in the tea bag. I assumed they contained little to no psilcoybin since I had just steeped them so I said sure. He ate all of them. about 6-7 grams.

Not known to me I didn't steep it right so most of the psilocybin was still in the shrooms, so he ate a heroic dose unbeknownst to me. The effects were starting to hit him (only slightly for me as I only drank the tea) He started grabbing things and asking questions like, 'where did the bed go'. Eventually he was completely out of it. He kept grabbing things not knowing what he was grabbing and making animal noises. All this was happening as he was listening to horror-core rape music. (I tried to put on some relaxing music for him but he wouldn't let me, instead he decided to listen to the rape music on repeat.) I had a deep laceration on my thumb from a work injury the week before. He then got out of his bed and started acting violently. He was grabbing my hair then grabbed my wound and ripped it open. Blood was coming everywhere. I was very scared because of his state and the noise he was making.

It was about 2AM, and I managed to calm him down a bit by putting on relaxing music and sitting next to him. But I was still bleeding. Eventually he got violent again and we fell to the ground. This woke my mother up and she walked into my room. My room had broken glass from his violent behavior. And blood from my open wound. She asked what happened and I told her. At this point my friend saw her, freaked out, ran into the kitchen and started throwing dishes. He than ran outside to our balcony and jumped off of it into our backyard. (Luckily he wasn't injured, I later learned). He ran to our backyard and climbed on top of our chicken coop. 

Now he's standing half naked with blood on him (from my wound) on top of the chicken coop. Punching anybody who comes near him, grunting and making animal noises. And he's about 5 feet away from the power line that stretched over our chicken coop. My mom says she is calling an ambulance. And I'm standing in the dark also half naked on our balcony thinking, 'Well shit.' 

Luckily she doesn't call authorities and instead calls his dad. He comes about 15 minutes later (He's a very military type man). And manages to calm him down after about 30 minutes of talking him down from the top of the coop. 

He sits with his dad in his car in our driveway for hours until the effects calm down. I talk with my mom and have immense guilt from this experience.

The next day I had the worst guilt anxiety depression I had ever felt. I had endangered a lifelong friend of 13 years. Harmed the relationship with my mother and my friends family (A very close family of ours, we are basically cousins.) Its been some time since that night but I still feel awful from the trauma of it.