##EROWID_NOTE:LACED_CANNABIS##

It was a day pretty much like most others. I was still in high school at this point, hanging out with my buddies who I'll call N and C. After school ended I drove them both home before heading to work. When I was dropping N off he said, 'Pick me up after work, I got something.'

I figured he meant he had bought some buds, as we were all pretty much potheads by this point. I finished work (I do construction) and was tired and achy as I pulled into N's driveway. I picked them both up (C was living at N's due to familial problems), and we started driving down toward my neighborhood. We parked the car at the end of a road that went down to the harbor. The spot was relatively secluded so we got out and packed a bowl of weed. N told me he had found the bag in the school parking lot that day.

We sat on a piece of driftwood watching heat lightning while we smoked two bowls. I noticed the smoke had a sort of 'mentholish' taste to it... kind of cool and minty. But sort of gross and chemical. In any event, I didn't like it much, but I figured weed is weed.

After a short time we all became agitated, we couldn't stop shifting our weight and fidgeting, talking all kinds of nonsense. I could hear my blood rushing through my veins and feel my heart pounding in my chest. At this point I kept saying, 'Dude, I'm dieing man!' over and over again.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

We wandered around the beach, a total mess, for a few hours. Then I felt safe to drive again and we went around our town, going into the village and parking near Town Pond. It is this little pond next to the cemetary near the ocean. We sat there watching cars drive by, I noticed the tail lights left behind blurs as they went.

I had never taken any drug stronger than pot or mushrooms before this day, and the experience was slightly frightening, but ended up being pretty funny too. I felt sort of numb and hysterical, like a weird drunk in addition to a spacey high feeling.
We all went home and I ended up laying around in bed feeling weird for a little while before falling asleep. The next day I felt pretty burnt.

We later concluded that the pot could have been laced with PCP after hearing about some similar baggies going around our school. This was my first, and likely only experience with this drug.