I've always been fascinated by psychedelic substances for their power to change human perceptions acting on simple receptors, but for all my life I've never experienced a full trip – it doesn't mean that I haven't tried anything, but that the drugs I took before never worked. After 3 years, I finally gave them a try: I bought 5x 225ug LSD blotters and slowly the moment to try has come.

Set: Although I've never experienced a psychedelic trip I was very confident: I passed years and years researching and I was (and am, also today) curious about psychedelics. I was extatic and so peaceful! Nothing in my mind could have led to a bad trip.

Setting: I realized after that I took acid in the best setting possible for me: my summer apartment in the Italian Riviera Ligure and the city itself with four old-time friends. We all took LSD that day so we sitted each other; everyone described that day as the best of their life.

Shortly before 1PM we cut the tabs in halves and put one under our tongue at 1 o'clock. After 20 minutes the little paper stripe completely dissolved and I felt pretty light-headed, but I think that was placebo.

After 40 minutes we all were kinda high: we were laughing our ass off for everything and were kinda giggling. One of my friends said "man this is not different from a big weed high". No visuals.

We decided to go outside walk in the little city: I felt my musculi masticatorii very contracted and everything was like an HDR photo.

First I experienced a "yellow wave": every yellow detail (chairs, houses, swimwears, an old Vespa and so on) hit me so the world was yellowish and the other colours were blurred. Then I had a "purple wave" and a "blue wave" too. We came home and we had no psychedelic effects since then, so one hour and 30 minutes after taking the first half, we decided to redose.

30 minutes later we all were peaking from the first half we took – and yes, there were psychedelic effects!

I was laying on my bed listenig to Pink Floyd (I REALLY understood their music later in the trip) and Neil Young and I noticed that the spheric chandelier was wavying and distorting. Shortly after I began to see a smooth pattern moving on the white ceiling; the I moved my eye to a blue towel I laid on a chair and I noticed a bas-relief-like effect on it, of the same maya-like pattern. I felt incredibly excited! I waited for that moment for 21 years and I was finally tripping!

Damn, I've been so lucky! My house is full of different patterns on the floor, walls and furniture, and there are a lot of paintings and photos too, so at that time of the trip everything was moving and transforming. At 4:20PM, in the middle of our psychedelic madness, we thought of rolling a joint but we decided to keep the trip just lysergic. I wrote down that sentence: "it's not how do you expect that, but it's exactly as expected". Then we sat down struck by Van Gogh's Houses At Auvers: I saw the windows lighten up from the inside and we together realized that the secret of life and the answers to all the questions MUST be inside of that house. We passed 20 minutes talking about that and also that there's no difference between a man and a fish, because everything is made of matter.

After exploring the house some more, we all decided to walk out but we felt like a mental force that doesn't let us go: the thought of going out itself was preventing us to get out. After fighting that force, we finally got out.

For all the time we stayed home, we had the feeling that there was someone else, and we realized that we were not five but seven, but we couldn't find the missing two people!

We took a tunnel to the city center instead of walking the promenade: some of the ceiling's old bricks are dirty of white painting squirts, and on acid those squirts became a huge maya-like pattern. The lights, which painted the walls of orange and teal, gave that tunnel a sense of dark sacrality which fascinated me. The tunnel then become opened on one side, and on a pillar I found written that sentence, that struck me: "man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains"; now I know it's by Jean Jacques Rousseau, and on acid I understood perfectly what the philosopher was meaning.

We got out that tunnel and started walking on the city center's seafront next to the beach huts. While young and middle-aged people were normal, old people had their faces morphed and melting. As soon as we arrived to the central square we decided to eat something (5:45PM circa) so we went near a little bar. Outside of it there were a old man sat down smoking a cigarette: he had white mustaches and livid face, which reminded me a walrus. I got in and took an ice cream; the old waitress had livid face too. I paid, trying to not laugh and went out. That ice cream was delightful.

Three of my mates wanted to eat some focaccia so we moved like 100 meters to the baker's shop. Me and the 5th guy sat outside of it waiting for them, and we laughed our ass off when a red car with a bald old man crossed our way.
Then we decided to come back home, and this time we walked the promenade.

One of my friends was kinda aggressive, so we tryed to contain him. That gave me an unpleasant feel and I became a little paranoid. Farther our walk I had the feeling that everyone was staring at me (us) and judging, so that paranoiac sense grew until arrived home like one hour after.

We sat on a bench on the promenade and started talking. One of my friend took off his mobile and started reading his ex-gf texts; he started crying because (he said) he learned why she left him. We saw a lot of people passing by, and again we felt that everyone was staring at us.

Along this time I've always seen the same pattern on the floor – either made of asphalt, or concrete, or paving stones.
Then we moved a little more along, and we sat on the marble banister: the little erosions made by decades of drops of marine water on the marble were moving and merging in an intricate pattern.

While there a girl made an astonished face at us: she recognized one of my friends as a schoolmate of her. They started talking away while we were sat on the banister chatting; suddenly she turned around at us with an amazed face: he told her that we were on acid. We all became paranoid (also because her face was greenish), but she told us that we acted completely normal and she couldn't recognize that we were doped. That reassured us and the paranoiac sense of oppression of being stared by everyone stopped at all.

After talking to her we moved to another bench on the promenade, but far from the majority of people. We sat there and started looking at the gravel beach, the sea and the sky: the footsteps on the rocky sand started moving like fishes out of water, and the clouds made awesome patterns. The landscape was truly amazing: trees and palms seemed more detailed than usually and seemed to me to have a subtle deep-dream effect on.

One of my friends needed to piss, so I walked him home; I sat on the wc and the tiles on the floor started composing a wide range of rotating patterns while I was pissing: I stayed sat, looking at the floor, for 10 minutes.

Then we walked out again to rejoin our friends, and as we met them they wanted to came home, so we came back again.

We arrived home at 7PM, and we started to feel hungry, so, after 30 minutes of chilling, "fighting the force" and searching the two immaginary guys, me and another one went out to gather some food at the local shop. As soon as we got out, my friend said: "why don't we take some pizzas?", and that sounded to me like the best idea ever! We walked to the nearest pizzeria, ordered five take-away pizzas and waited half an hour inside of the pizzeria. The floor made of black granite with white stripes and the radio broadcasting an unknown '70s psychedelic song gave me a full psychedelic experience while waiting for the pizzas; my friend said that I had on my arms lines reminding the Nazca lines.

After paying for the pizzas and some ice tea we came home; oddly I wasn't hungry anymore, so I ate just half of my pizza, but it tasted incredibly good with some peach ice tea.

At 9:10PM we decided to get out again, so after walking around, we headed to the beach.

We went down the stairs and walked on the sand in order to find some deckchairs to sit on; some men were fishing so we felt a little paranoid and moved away. After 50 meters we found some deckchairs under a portico and we sat there. The sky was dark and the clouds hid the full blue moon that was in that day; the wind blowed away the clouds and exposed a magic moon which flooded us with its light.

Thoughts were running faster and faster in my mind, and as my friends told their skeletons in the closet, I realized that – although I am sometimes cynical – I have a great respect for people around me.

One hour and forty minutes after, we decided to come back home.

I felt very tired and sleepy, and I was surprised about that: one friend of mine, very experienced with psychedelics, told me that LSD gives an amphetamine-like effect and causes sleep deprivation.

I laid down on the bed while my friends were outside on the balcony and started texting with my gf and thinking about my dead granpa; the wave of emotions took me by surprise and I started crying bot of joy and sadness. I've been thinking and thinking until 1AM, then – my friend laid down too – we shut off the light and tried to sleep. One of them told us that when he closed his eyes, he's seen a lot of shiny eyes moving very fast against him and panicked. I also was a little frightened of the dark and I saw something unpleasant with my eyes closed, but I fell asleep shortly after.

I remember that I dreamt that night, but I can't remember what. I slept very very well and the morning after I was happy and full of energy.

Through the whole trip we never lost our cognitive integrity and we could act normally in the presence of strangers.

I realized why LSD has been used by so many talented people over the years and why so many art has been made under the influence of LSD.

I can truly say that it has been one of the best days in my entire life and I am able now to understand the potency of that fantastic substance which takes the name of Lysergic Acid Diethylamide.