First Experience With MDMA

The night started when I met up with a few friends at the door of a concert. I was only close with a few of them, the others I had never met before, and I was simultaneously nervous and excited in anticipation for the night. It was most of our first times trying the drug, but a few of us were experienced users (including our dealer). They clearly went over the risks of popping and warned us of the negative side effects associated with coming down (sore jaw, depression and fatigue, dehydration). I was also running the additional risk of seizures, since epilepsy runs in my family. Regardless, we planned out our night and were very careful and calculated about the whole experience. We went in early, got to the front row, stayed together the entire night. We brought gum to chew so we wouldn't clench  our jaws and made sure to keep each other hydrated throughout the night. But now, the fun stuff:

I was the first person out of the 7 of us to feel it. I hadn't eaten much that day and it took me 30 minutes (the last person to feel it took almost 2 hours - also his first time). The first thing I thought was 'I REALLY WANT TO DANCE' but the main dj hadn't come on yet and the crowd was still pretty dull. I was frustrated that no one was in the same mood as me, so I told my friends who all started laughing because apparently my pupils were really dilated and I had the biggest grin on my face. The feeling came on gradually, and then all at one. My fingers tingled a bit at first, but that went away. One by one, my friends started to get hit but I was too much in my own bubble to really notice. The music was amazing, the lights were mesmerizing. It wasn't like being drunk, because I remember the whole night so clearly and I was so aware of my surroundings and in control of myself. I actually almost got into a fight, which is VERY unlike me, but this guy was trying to take advantage of a girl who was half-conscious and I felt the need to step in. 

Most of all, though, I fell in love with everything and everyone around me. I wanted to dance with everyone, touch everyone (skin felt so soft). Up until that night, I thought I was straight. But I kissed my best friend and I swear it was the most electrifying kiss of my life. It was like our lips were the only thing in the entire world, and I was so attracted to her (I have never even thought of her that way before). I got jealous when she danced with other guys, which is also unlike me. If I had to compare the feeling to anything, it would be the adrenaline rush after getting something pierced. I felt like I was on top of the world. Like the 3 seconds of euphoria at the peak of a climax, only it lasted all night.  

Some other crazy shit happened, but I guess that's irrelevant. We all went back to our friend's house to crash but I couldn't fall asleep until around 7am. I'd be lucky if I said I got in an hour's sleep. We all went for brunch a few hours later even though none of us were really hungry. I kept expecting a horrible comedown (as I'd been warned many times before) but it just never came. My mood was abnormally elevated all day and I couldn't stop smiling as I reflected on the previous night. No hangover. No sore jaw (thanks, gum). No dehydration. The next night I was overcome with exhaustion and slept through the entire day, but that's probably jus because I didn't sleep at all the night before. It's been almost 3 days since then and I feel giddy and happy and carefree as can be. Overall, it was a fantastic experience and I'm so glad that I tried it when I did.

