The ritual took place the Friday after Thanksgiving (Danksgiving), on November 25, 2016. The ritual was planned a week in advance after I arrived back home from a road trip to see a good friend of mine in Southern Ohio. While there, we smoked a few bowls, he showed me his clandestine mushroom grow, talked of psychedelics and the Ketamine and DMT he had obtained. I told him that I've tried neither, but was highly intrigued and interested in trying DMT. He was shocked, and insisted to gift me some. After smoking and chatting we headed off to go see Doctor Strange in a rather weird vintage theatre where I would experience a low dose of Ketamine for the first time. But that's a different story.

On our way back to his place, we talked of psychedelic experiences and past memories with each other. When we arrived at his place, he gave to me what he said was roughly 3 or 4 hits of DMT (perhaps 30-40mgs?) that looked like a yellow wax. After that me and my buddy drove back home. The day after we arrived home, I had asked my best friend and fellow psychonaut if he would be so kindly to trip sit me the night after Thanksgiving, and he happily agreed to do so with a smile on his face.
So the 25th comes around, and my friend came over that night with lots of weed, backwoods, good vibes, and incense. After smoking, laughing, drawing, and listening to the fine tunes of Shpongle and The Acid Mother's Temple, I had decided I was 'ready' even though my body and mind was flowing with anxiety.

I sat down on my couch in my room with my friend/trip sitter next to me, put on Dopesmoker by Sleep, heated up the nail on my rig and dabbed the DMT.

I closed my eyes, held in the vapor (should've held it longer), exhaled, and immediately felt the feeling of Bliss rush over my mind and body. I kept my eyes close, and my head began to bob all around without control. I see visions of patterns, with no color, swirling around, sweating, as I feel like I am dying. I soon hear a crackling high pitched sound that many describe, but I open my eyes to assure myself I'm still alive. I quickly close them again, see the patterns, and an undefined figure that looked like a classical grey alien figure with oval eyes began to approach me and that's when I opened my eyes once again and it all ended.

I almost broke through, but it knew I wasn't ready yet, as much as I tried to convince myself otherwise, telling myself and the molecule to take me and show me the way.

I hope to try it again soon perhaps when I feel I am ready.

My apologies that this is not the best report by far, I wrote this on my phone and it was a little rough to do so.

Love you all. Be kind, be safe.