My First Acid Trip at School

It was about 10:30 when my friend gave a me 3 tabs of the acid(1 for me and the other 2 weere my friends)my friend took a corner of hers right away to try it out...3 periods after I decided to try it out so I took about half of it at like 12:30 and kept it under my tongue for 30 minutes and about 40 minutes later after I took it, it started to kick in. I felt really happy and giggly, my entire body felt like it was tingling  and the. Last period came so i took the rest of the tab and so I was in Spanish just watching home alone laughing.there was 20 minutes left till school ended and I got called up to the assistant principles room.

Once I got there he said I heard some rumors about u and some kids trying acid...I said no and the nurse came up to look at pupils...that's when it really kicked in and her face looked like it was melting..they let the buses leave and they started checking my pockets and back pack bc my pupils where the size of the fuckin moon. I ended up getting detention bc j had a vape in my pocket. They grabbed my pockets and totally missed the acid so that was good but then all three of the assistant principles were in the room asking me what I took...I said nothing and they brought me to my asistwnt princluples office where they called my dad...the carpet was beutiful and and patterns and colors everywhere where amazing. He had me sit in a conference room until my parents came to pick me up. I sat there just amazed staring at this chair stretch and shrink, move closer and farther and there was this window with this huge tree that just looked amazing. The whole room was turning green and red and orange and there were flowers all offer the floor and I look at myself in a glass window and my hair was like floating up and glowing. Supriseingly I wasn't scared or anxious at alm throughout this and when my mom heard I was on acid she told them my eyes where big because I took an adderall that day so they would let me go home.

I got home and just took a shower after I had this convo with my mom...she didn't care too much that I was on acid bc I had good grade in school and am mostly mature (she might have thought that I had only ate a pot brownie) The shower was amazing and there were patterns all over the tiles and my dad was playing the drums downstairs and so that was cool. After I got out of the shower I walked out of the bathroom to find my sister, her friend, my mom, and my moms friend talking them not even knowing I'm on acid tripping hard. I danced around my room for a little bit and had so many thoughts flowing thinking about life. 

Later that night at like 7 my friend who also took that day came over and his face at like tribal symbols over his face and we just talked about the next day and what we were seeing...I ended up falling asleep looking at the closed-eye visuals which looked like this rainbow of intense colors my eyes have never seen before.