The last time I was fortunate enough to take LSD, I was at home with two of my friends and my folks out of town.  I had to work earlier that day, and I spent the entire day on the phone with my friend Justin trying to close a deal on some acid.  We were finally able to obtain 10 drops of some liquid on two sugar cubes, five generous drops on each.  When I finally got off my shift at work, it was arranged for me to meet Justin's friend to pick up and pay for the acid, which I did.  I went home and immediately put the sugar cubes in the fridge to keep the acid 'fresher' for the night's activities.  My friend Justin showed up and we went out and got some Chinese take-out to wait for Kyle.

When we got back to my house we decided to make my traditional 'house drink' for Kyle since he wasn't going to be dropping any acid.  Basically, my drink consists of a little bit of everything we have in the liquor cabinet, a pitcher of OJ, and a lot of Peach Schnapps and some pure grain alcohol (195 proof!) that my dad had in the back of the liquor cabinet.  We pour all the alcohol into a pitcher full of OJ and shake really well.  It's surprisingly good, too.  Since my parents were out of town for the weekend, Justin and I were both very relaxed and basically stress-free for the weekend, so we both went into the trip with a positive mind-set.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

Kyle showed up around 9 p.m., we all had a few of my house drink, and Justin and I dissolved our sugar cubes in our mouths (T +0:00).  We all piled into Kyle's car and drove down to the waterfront and the beach to await the coming trip.  We sat on the dock for a while and talked, and after about 40 minutes I began to feel tingling in my extremities and in my chest.  I glanced over to Justin, who had a big smile on his face, and I knew he was beginning to feel it, too.  I looked down and noticed that the grain in the wood of the dock had re-arranged itself into some sort of tribal-looking patterns (T +0:45).  We decided to drive back to my place so we could enjoy the trip more (our laughter and comments were beginning to draw some looks), so we got back into Kyle's car and drove back.  When we got back, we decided to bring the pitcher of OJ/hard alcohol upstairs and watch a movie on the entertainment system.  I popped in Beavis and Butthead Do America and we all sat back to enjoy.

By this time (T +1:15) my trip was really getting going, and I began hearing strange, wondrous sounds in the background of the movie, and all the characters had a different look to them that was hard to describe.  I was getting lost in the world of sounds and colors of the movie, and my mind was beginning to wander into an altered state.  Then the scene when Beavis eats the peyote in the desert came on.  Beavis's trip began, and mine was climbing to a peak.  Beavis's trip is pretty strange, especially when I'm tripping as well, and I was getting weirded out by all the sounds and creatures and colors, so I turned the movie off.  When I did, my entire TV screen turned blue (as it usually does when you hit stop on the VCR), but I was mesmerized by the 52" of high definition bright blue in front of me.  It seemed to envelope my entire being, and the whole universe became nothing but a serene, bright blue.  Nothing existed but myself and the blue, and it began to present ideas to me about my life and how I live, and I was able to look at my life more objectively and realize things I had never known about myself and why I do the things that I do.  I began to realize that everything and everyone is connected in some inexplicable way, and that the things we do to each other reflect back on ourselves and on the universe as a whole.  I realized that many people don't know this or don't seem to care, and that this is a shame, but at the same time I realized that I must accept this fact, and that everything, good or bad, is part of a bigger picture and plan and must be accepted.  The blue was pulsating with serene light and there were strange, indescribable sounds all around me, and they were a part of the blue, too.  The blue seemed to want to envelope me, and I welcomed it, but I was at the same time apprehensive about letting myself go into it completely.  I believe now that if I had let this happen, there would have been complete dissolution of the ego and I would have become a part of one huge blue sea of being and one with the universe.  I hesitated for some reason I still can't understand (perhaps just fear of the unknown), and Kyle, who had gotten himself into an alcohol-induced slumber, woke up and turned on Monty Python and the Holy Grail.

I snapped from my trance once the blue disappeared from the screen and decided to go downstairs and put on some music and wash the dishes.  I went downstairs, where I found Justin on the back porch in the light rain staring up at the stars.  At this point (T +2:45) I was starting to peak, and the outside wasn't the place to be for me – mainly because the raindrops landing on the hood of the gas grill turned into serpent-like eyes, and then they looked like serpent scales and the grill turned into a huge dragon.  I went inside and put some Phish and Grateful Dead in the CD player on random and began the dishes.  When the dishes were over, I had just reached my plateau for the night (T + 3:15), and Justin and I went back upstairs to sit in the bonus room (big living room area over the garage with the computer and entertainment system, etc.) and burn some incense and listen to some music and trip our minds off.

Kyle started messing around with the special features on the Monty Python DVD and found some trailers for some really tripped-out movies: Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, some fucked-up movie called The City of Lost Children ("The best visual effects of 1995, 1996, and possibly 1982.") and another one called Baron Munchausen.  This last one was for some reason incredibly hilarious to all three of us, and we laughed our asses off for a good 40 minutes straight.  Later, Justin went into my room to listen to music and try to enjoy the remainder of his trip and get some sleep, Kyle had passed out again, and I put on some music and tried to get some sleep.  In the total darkness, it was easy for my eyes to convert the blackness to blueness, and I spent the rest of the night (T +4:30 – T +8:00) in a sort of trance, wandering into far-off corners of my mind, all the while being embraced and enfolded by the blue.  I guess I nodded off to sleep at some point, because the next thing I knew, it was morning and I had to get up and get ready for another day of work.  We all sat around on the floor of the bonus room and ate Cocoa Krispies, shared stories about the night, and had a good laugh over Baron Munchausen.  All in all, it was a wonderful night full of new discoveries, and I've been looking forward to my next trip into the blue.