Set and setting:  Bedroom, warmth and comfort (residual work stress)

DMT source: self crafted following Noman's Tek

##EROWID_NOTE:NOT_WEIGHED##

Ash from smoked cannabis was packed into the bottom third of a dry water pipe, which had been previously used twice for smoking DMT.  Before adding more ash, DMT crystals were added with an eyeballing measurement.  [Author estimates 50 mg of substance was used during this experience.] 

Picking up the bong, ensuring a finger was on the carb, I flicked the lighter and hovered it above the bowl.  I inhaled strongly for several seconds, trying to vaporize the contents of the bowl without burning it too hot.  Pulling my finger off the carb, I inhaled all I could and held it in for 5 seconds.  I repeated this series of actions twice more, inhaling hotter smoke in greater amounts.

After the second hit, I began to feel pressure in my ears.  An alertness - muscles were observed to be lightly tensed, senses were observed to be awake.

After the third hit, smoke remained.  I realized then as now I could have, and probably should have, burned it all until I couldn't burn any more.  However, the pressure in my ears grew very great.  I began to hear something I used to hear upon waking in the middle of the night as a child.

I call it the silence - the deadening of all sounds and things.  It is called the silence, but it is one of the loudest things I have ever heard, because the longer it persists the louder it gets.  Images and ideas flashed through my mind.  My body felt tight.  I experienced the sensation of being unable or unwilling to move my body even as the more intense effects began to wear off.

I decided to open my eyes.  All things seemed recognizable, but alien.  I could feel a split in my mind, or my vision, like a mirror.  I also felt inhabited, or rather that I was a spirit inhabiting a lump of flesh.  I thought I should feel powerful, realizing that I could do many things with this body, but I did not.  I still do not.

The preceding events occurred in a time period of roughly 5 minutes, with psychedelic after effects persisting another 10 minutes.  At the moment that this is being written, about 2 hours later, the alertness of the mind remains.

I will be reporting future uses and interactions.