I am fascinated by psychedelics, and have experimented with mushrooms a handful of times. I also enjoy cannabis, and have limited experience with MDMA and ketamine (less preferred substances). I have found that approaching psychedelics with the intention to learn has resulted in the most profound, fulfilling experiences for me.

I am sitting in a rolling desk chair in my friend's bedroom. He and his roommate are present, and we decide to administer the DMT through a water pipe. Within the bowl is a layer of mixed cannabis and ash, topped with a layer of the powder. I tried the medicine for the first time the day before, but did not have the proper tools to maximize the intake of DMT. While I did not have a mystical experience, I thoroughly enjoyed the strangeness of the rushing sensation and mushroom-like visuals. The experience today, however, was starkly different than yesterday's, close to what many describe as a "breakthrough".

I take a first hit, watching the contents of the bowl vaporize. I make sure to vaporize the entirety of DMT that I can see, filling the chamber with milky white fumes. I quickly exhale, making room for the massive inhalation of smoke I am about to take. I do so, holding in the tar-tasting smoke for as long as humanly possible. Upon exhaling, the ride rapidly begins.

I lay back in the desk chair, holding on to the arm rest as I have the sensation of blasting off. I expect visuals like the day before, but they are more kaleidoscopic in nature and enveloping. I become uncomfortable, grasping the arm rest as if to remain rooted in the world with which I am familiar. The sensation of touch between by palm and the arm rest confuses me, as the tactile world gives way into something extraordinary. I can see the arm rest for a moment, and then it and my arm are consumed by the most beautiful kaleidoscopic currents. 

I look forward at one of my counterparts, attempting to cry out for help as I discover I am not ready for the plunge. Suddenly his eyes and nose are replicated about the room in a wallpaper-like pattern. Vision begins to lose meaning as I try to process what I am seeing. The last memory I have of vision is seeing magnificently rich pools of basic colors beneath me: green, blue and purple.

I am suddenly launched, no longer in the physical world. My field of view for a moment is a white expanse: the void. There is an eerie tinnitus-like ringing in my ears; it grows in volume and permeates the universe. The sound convinces me of a single, all-encompassing presence. The presence is aware of my entry into this fantastic world. The presence is alien in a non-traditional sense; I am very aware of its non-human intelligence. I am terrified, and don't feel equipped to understand this place. I try to remember things from just before taking the medicine, but any associations with the physical world leave me utterly confused.

The landscape then dramatically changes, as I quickly float forward in a prismatic, colorful world. The scene defies explanation, but the best comparison is that I (what am I? My identity is meaningless here, but my consciousness is there) am hovering over a smooth and shining green plain, with the most beautiful of blue skies in the distance. There are structures on this green plain that somewhat resemble pyramids; there is definitely "civilization" down there.

The most intricate structure begins to grow at the center of my vision, floating in midair as I continue to hover to it. It contains similar Aztec-looking patterns as the pyramids far below us. These geometric patterns multiply in inexplicable detail and complexity. Feathers, diamonds, and snake-like phalanges flail about the periphery of this structure. While the structure doesn't exactly look like it, I am aware that it is a face or head. Its mouth is open, and I continue flying toward it - into it. It breathes/engulfs/consumes me, and I begin to the journey back to earth.

During my comedown there was a song playing on my iPhone, and my two friends were strumming guitars to the tune of the song. I remember it being a gentle welcoming back to the physical world. Strangely enough, the music had an awfully somber tune to it. It was a beautiful synergy of sadness and truth. I felt calmed as the music informed me, "We know what you've been through. You're okay; you're back."