This took place in September of 2016, when I had really started to get into Ketamine. About 2 weeks prior to this night I had purchased a gram of s-isomer Ketamine, which was very high quality shard. On and off for 2 weeks I had been K-holing in my room, which is where I felt most comfortable doing it. I had been using it by itself and with other drugs, such as 2-CB. However, as I kept holing I was needing more and more each time to get the same effect.

2 nights before this took place, I snorted 180mg and did not come close to a K-hole. So, with this in mind, I weighed out the rest of the bag which came to 0.34g, and I crushed and split into 2 lines. I put shpongle on my headphones, sniffed them one after the other and got in bed with the light off. Once the drip hit me, I could feel myself rotating, getting faster and faster. Suddenly, I was shooting upwards with increasing speed. This felt like the finale scene from Charlie and the Chocolate factory!

Soon enough, I had slowed down and found myself in a black world that seemed to be made out of hollow cubes, In which I was a molecule, and simply observing everything around me as I was flying through it. I was zooming past pyramids, and other unknown structures. The shpongle song I had playing seemed to be in time with the movements in the trip which was pretty cool. I realized in this world that everything we stress over in the 'normal' world is simply not worth caring about, and we are just walking talking DNA that is made up of everything around us. And we aren't here forever.

It felt like I was in this space for 5 minutes, but when the zooming around slowed down and the trip ceased, I was finally able to open my eyes and everything was spinning around me. I felt like I had just come out from an operation almost. When I regained consciousness, I looked at the time on my phone and it had been just under 1.5 hours. I just couldnt believe it! It felt like just a second ago I was waiting for the Ketamine to take effect.

Since then I have not touched ketamine, just because I haven't felt the need to. I feel like I have learned everything I was curious about with this substance, and it has taught me to not stress over the little stupid things in life. In the right setting, I believe that Ketamine can be a real teacher. I will use K again this year, maybe on the tail end of a mushroom or acid trip. But I feel that it has taught me everything I need to know, for now!

I suffered cramping after even a few weeks of use. It can really fuck with your bladder and not to mention your mental state.

Be safe people and happy tripping!