This was the second time I had ingested the drug magic mushrooms. The first time was in 2009 and the second time being this one which was in July 2015. Also, this was the type of experience of which extra information about the trip and what had happened had come to surface of my memory over a period of months and even up until now -- 2 years later -- I've been processing the experience. I might also add that I did the drug with just me and my friend, L.

We decided on a Sunday late afternoon around 5pm to take the drug. L had been given a slightly lighter dose say around 0.8 grams as it was his first time. Mine I took 0.95 grams of dried Psilocybe cyanescens, basically mine was closer to 1 gram. Let me point out that this type of magic mushroom is the more potent type so less is need for a decent trip. The trip was carefully planned out. Music playlists were prepared beforehand for later in the night and DVD's of the mighty boosh etc was also set aside for light entertainment. Inside a comfortable couch and supplies, L likes to roll a few joints for later too.

Anyway, it was 5pm and we spread the dried chopped up mushrooms on toast with peanut butter. Surprisingly it masked the foul earthy taste very well. We had these on my outside porch couch looking out towards the backyard. For the come up and anxious anticipation we had set up beforehand golf clubs and golf balls and we played mini golf by chipping small distances at a bucket (object) about 15m away. We thought this was a fun idea and it created the distraction and idea that we wanted to completely forget we took a drug and it worked.

First effects we noticed were weightless arms. My arms felt weightless, hard to describe otherwise. Next effects were it was getting harder to hit the ball to the object and for that matter hold the club properly. More swaying and jelly legs. We then decided that was enough of golf. We sat back on the porch couch. Feeling quite relaxed and stretching, upon the stretch just giggling and laughing for no reason and can't stop. This soon faded and we walked inside the house to go to our comfortable set up in the lounge room. From here the experience got stronger. We put music on in the background but for some reason I wasn't as into it as I was anticipating, maybe because I was more in my own thoughts.

Now I was sitting right next to my mate the whole trip looking at the tv (mighty boosh) after thinking about my trip this was the weird part which I forgot about, I LEFT THE ROOM. Now it was the same room and place but it was in an alternate reality or dimension. Colours had a certain hue to them. The hall way light sent spirals of all colours flickering down the hallway. This 'other place' I got the feeling that 'I have been here before'. I forgot I took a drug and only thought I was in this place and no one else. Hence forgetting my friend was in the room. I was now in my own mind. I stared at a clock and felt it had no meaning. All things existing at once and carpet an walls breathing. Now when people think you hallucinate and see things on trippy drugs, well these things I was seeing weren't make believe, it was really happening but my brain on sober is filtering them out. The drug had built connections in the brain that aren't normally functioning for useful daily living. So seeing these things were quite confronting and a knowing of ancient knowledge. I can't remember what it was or it can't also be explained in words but there was a certain knowing of yes I know and this is a scary thought, maybe I shouldn't have taken this? I felt the trip would go on forever and I'd be stuck in my headspace from what I have now been shown. But after my first bad trip experience I knew not to think this way. Kept reminding myself that I have taken a drug and its effects are temporary.

The mighty boosh on tv sounded very echoey and vibrational. Words coming out of the screen, but the audio hallucinations were so strong that I was convinced that's how it really is meant to sound.

During the trip my friend offered to roll a joint. It felt like he took forever and then weirdly enough I saw him rolling it again almost as if a loop of some sort in the time space occurred. We went outside to smoke it and stared at the moon, which appeared to be coming towards us.

The last part of the night we relaxed listening to music bob marley etc. My friend asked me if I was hungry, I replied 'hungry'? almost as if the word or what it meant had no meaning. And it was the last part of the night where the magic came to light. The trip got more light and happy and clarity was seen. I saw and felt the magic that I did on my first MDMA experience which I have never been able to feel since a longing for world peace feeling. But it was a magical experience that can't be explained in words of course.

L didn't have as a spiritual experience as I did, maybe it was that he didn't take enough. With the effects almost gone but some still there I finished off playing some Hendrix on guitar. Oddly enough I hit every note as well as had it sounding like I played it truly from the heart. The effects started to diminish almost instantly and did not have any hangover that I might expect from ecstasy etc. We decided to have some food and make nachos. We thought what a great idea, we were feeling great and started to construct the exciting dish.  Leaving the night on a good note scoffed them down with some tv and L drove home safe and sound.

Good night overall but it was a rollercoaster of ups and downs but mostly ups and the last part of the experience was very magical, airy and a sense of peace and happiness. Would I do it again? Yes but maybe not for a couple more years as it's quite a powerful experience.  It's almost like showing a young kid a  war, I might just not be ready to see this?