Unusual Psilocybe Mexicana Experience

I obtained 5 dried grams of mushrooms from a guy I'd got some off previously. I decided to ingest 5 grams on this occasion because I did 3 grams last time, I had a very good experience, but thought it would be interesting to increase the dose and push the boat out a little. When I acquired the shrooms, I didn't ask what kind of they were, I assumed they were the same as the ones I got before (Psilocybe cubensis).

After ingesting the mushrooms, as the intensity of experience slowly increased, I noticed something strange and distinct compared to my previous mushroom journeys...patterns, geometrical shapes of a kind I had never seen before. I recognized them as being Aztec-like. I saw Aztec gods, giving me knowledge, telling me secrets, leading me through some kind of ancient places, they told me how this life is a test, which we must pass. I saw their buildings, it was very realistic, everything. I saw one temple, and on the top of it, there was some bright golden light with was radiating the most beautiful light ever, radiating light and love. I encountered some kind of jaguar people, which were very friendly and loving. I relived the experiences and memories of Aztec people. On one occasion, when my sitter asked me if I was alright, I looked at him, and clearly saw him dressed as an Aztec priest. Interestingly, afterwards I read an account of the late, great Dr Albert Hofmann who ingested 3.2g of dried lab grown P. mexicana mushrooms to bioassay them for psychoactivity, and he reported exactly the same thing! 'When the doctor supervising the experiment bent over to check my blood pressure, he was transformed into an Aztec priest, and I would not have been astonished had he drawn an obsidian knife.'

When the experience ended, I was in complete awe and disbelief. Shortly after I almost completely came down, I phoned that guy to ask him what kind of shrooms these were, because I had never had an experience like that. When he told me those were Psilocybe mexicana, I just hang up, without saying a word. I was in greatest shock and amazement since my very birth.

I broke down in tears afterwards due to the power and profundity of what I had experienced; words can't even touch what I experienced.