It was the weekend before spring break started and my parents were asleep. I decided to smoke a bowl to celebrate and chill out. All week I have been thinking about this final paper for my English class and I've been excited to finally get it off my mind.

At around 12:00 at night, I went in the bathroom, turned on the steamy shower, and prepared my bubbler. I decided to use this new strain of indica I recently got, I was my second time smoking this strain so I figured I might as well go big. I packed the bowl as tight as I could and sprinkled some kief on top to pack a punch. 

After about 7 hits the bowl is almost all ash and as I was taking that last hit, everything got pretty dizzy. Thinking it would help, I chug about six cups of water. Now this dizziness is usually normal for me for the first hour after smoking. I put the bubbler down and look in the mirror and just stare at my face. I start blinking and laughing almost like I knew something wasn't right. As I turn around to my shower, it seems as if I lost depth perception and as if I was seeing in slow motion. Even Though the dizziness and loss of depth perception is pretty normal, I felt this feeling of panic, as if I didn't know where I was. 

I turned off the shower and decided to lay down on the bath mat hoping the feeling would pass. I tried taking deep breaths as I was getting heart palpitations beating like I had just ran a 100 meter sprint. After what felt like five minutes, I stand up and walk to my room. I noticed that it felt like my head was higher than the rest of my body, I began to get fear that my head would fall the distance of a skyscraper to the floor. In my room, I shut off the lights and lie on my bed hoping this thing would go away. This is when the fun part started.

Slowly it felt like my nervous system went into panic mode. All of my muscles were trembling and contracting at random times without warning. Even the back of my neck and my tongue was affected. Every time I tried to stop the contractions by concentrating, they only got worse. 

Thoughts began to rush through my head, faster than I could process them. I thought to myself things like: Was my weed laced? Am I having a panic attack? Am I going to have a heart attack? Am I dying? Am I going to die alone? Should I call 911? Should I tell my dad? Every time I had these thoughts, it felt like this liquid would stream through my skull and brain causing this terrible pain. 

I remembered my dad telling me about him being a smoking in high school and college and I thought he must have been through the same thing so telling him would be my best option. I slowly walked through the hallway, grabbing onto the wall as I had trouble standing up. I walked into my parents' room and said, 'Dad? I'm not feeling well, can you help me out?' He agrees and walks with me back to my room. I immediately get on my bed and tell him I'm having a panic attack. He tried to help me calm down, but at this moment he said, 'What's that smell? Is that skunk?' In this moment of fear, I decided to tell him everything I have done, which for a short time actually made the bad trip get better. Having this weight off my shoulders he sits with me through the rest of the night and tries to keep me company by talking to me and playing music. I remember at this point while having a sudden hot flash telling him, 'I feel like my mind is on a different planet.' and 'Don't turn off the lights, I start to hallucinate when you do.'

After about three hours, he suggested it may help to get my mind off of things by watching TV. After slowly struggling to walk downstairs, I make myself a warm s'mores pop tart and sit on the couch with my puppy watching TV waiting for the bad trip to pass. 

After about four hours, my muscle contractions and trembling were mostly gone and I decided it would be better if I try to sleep the rest out. Later I woke up with some twitching in my neck and a bad headache. It wasn't until the next day after sleeping for 14 hours that the bad trip was completely over. 

It has been a couple of days since the bad trip and I thought it would be a good idea to record my experience as a tool for myself to correctly recall the experience and as a warning to others about the downsides that lurk behind marijuana.