2 Tabs of LSD

This experience is about the time I took two tabs of LSD. This occured April 7, 2017. I feel like sharing my experience for some reason, it was both positive and negative. This was basically what I thought was the last time I was going to be able to hangout with a close friend before attending court for a drug possession with intent to distribute charge so my chances of being on probation was high but I got lucky. Anyways I needed to explain that because it affected my experience going in with that mindset. I planned the day before to hangout with my friend. I planned to buy and consume two tabs. The day came I rode the city bus to the friends residence. Purchased the two tabs and took them right there in friends room. He ended up being with his companion so friends companion was there. This may sound weird but within maybe 20-25 minutes of taking these tabs I started to feel the effects, I pulled my phone out and noticed how the icon apps on my phone screen seemed to be slowly moving I felt this energy.

We planned to take&#8203; a walk to the nearby river. I went outside and felt different I felt this energy feeling, also before we left friends house I smoked some wax(dabs) out of friends vape. I was high on marijuana and acid. We began walking I felt definitely different small but noticable visuals. Best I can describe it is everything was sort of wavy. We planned to stop at the grocery store and on the way there we came across a camera bag sitting at the bus stop and inside was heroin inside of a syringe, friend threw the bag in trash we proceeded to the grocery store because friend wanted to wash his hands after touching that bag. We eventually got inside the grocery store and the effects grew stronger I felt out of it. Visuals were increasing inside this store I could see the glare off the floor from the lights above moving I didn't feel comfortable inside the store but we ended up walking around inside the store looking for drinks and snacks for the trip to the river.

We finally left and proceeded to the river and I felt great just this body high that felt like energy we crossed the bridge over the river and stopped half way on the bridge to look at the water below us and this water looked honestly crazy it looked like the water was morphing into itself I was excited to walk down below into the trees where there are trails you can walk into. We walked down into the trees and now my visuals are at an all time high everything was moving. I could see the trail of my cigarette when I flicked it. I tried to look at my phone screen and it was all over the place the numbers of the time on my home screen were bending so crazy. Being surrounded by trees and nature was beautiful. The trees and plants were bending. The floor was moving. The still water in this puddle were moving. I sat down under a tree and just enjoyed the moment with my eyes closed and my closed eyed visuals were very strong. I had tunnel vision with my eyes closed. I felt like my head was a dark arena with this show of unexplainable designs. I can't explain&#8203; it very well.

The word Kaleidoscope is the only was I can explain what I was seeing with my eyes closed, I was seeing perfect colors and shapes. We then decided to walk towards the river and it was surreal what it looked like the water looked like it was flowing in all directions the sunset behind it made it look even more crazy. This is where my trip began to get dark. I noticed my friends companion looking restless in a way like she wanted to be with my friend alone, I just got this vibe from her and it made me feel weird. We decided to walk back into society and I kept noticing her emotions that she maybe felt like I was a burden and wanted to be alone with my friend and it made me feel unwanted to be around them. I kept manifesting on this thought and it was making my trip difficult. The acid by now made me feel weird like I wanted to get away from them I just stayed quite following them. We stopped at friends highschool and sat at the grass field I remember looking at the field and it seemed like the entire field was waving like water. I still had crazy close eyed visuals. I had these dark thoughts of feeling unwanted by the people around me I tried to use my phone to arrange a Uber but I couldn't understand how to use my phone and this was really frustrating. Finally I just told my friend I wanted to leave and I felt really uneasy by this I wanted to hangout with my friend because I thought this might be the last time for a few months I'd see him. We started walking back to his house where I finally managed to arrange a Uber. I stayed quite still and my phone notified me my ride was here and I just got up and left without saying a word I had this feeling that I wanted to get away from them. My friend came to me and asked if I was alright I said yeah and left in the Uber tripping hard. I couldn't really talk and respond to the question the Uber driver asked me. I was thinking about to many things at once I opened my phone to text my friend to explain why I acted in such a way but I couldn't understand how to use my phone so I gave up on that. Sitting in this Uber I kept spacing out lost in my thoughts and emotions. I felt really out of it I noticed I kept moving around in the back seat and had this weird thought that maybe the Uber driver felt uncomfortable about how I was acting. I tried to sit still and act normal thinking about my every move to make sure I wasn't doing anything weird. I tried to untangle my headphones and failed at that I just couldn't I forget how to use my hands my coordination was all over the place haha. I looked out the window and felt like the driver missed my street and this freaked me out I had this weird thought that he was gonna drive me to the police station because of how odd I was acting. Finally I remembered where I was and we were coming up on my street. Finally I got home and went inside I remember how weird it was trying to open my door with my keys.

I went into my room and kicked my shoes off, took my pants off, laid in my bed and threw the blankets over. My mother was staying with me and I honestly forgot she was and I realized I'm on acid and I came inside without texting her I was coming back or anything and I was like fuck I'm tripping to hard to explain myself I started to panic because of this thought and realized how my clothes looked when I got into my room it looked odd my pants and shoes on the floor just messy it looked like so I got up and tried to clean but for some reason I put my clothes in weird spots around my room and when I realized that I panicked some more. Trying to clean on acid is hard haha. I laid back down and my trip felt stronger. I felt this overwhelming panic that my mom was gonna come into my room and I'd have to explain myself. I felt insane. I kept hearing inside my head these loud and different frequencies of vibrations. I thought I was having a bad trip. I tried to take deep breaths and that helped in a way. I tried to look for my phone in the dark and couldn't this made me feel uneasy. I finally found it and looked at my bed and noticed how tangled I was in my blankets. By this time I felt the panic come back because of the thought that my mother would walk into my room and see me losing my mind. I took more deep breaths and calmed down. Just got on my phone and began messaging my friend about the difficulty I was having and then finally the panic feeling went away and I got up to tell my mom I was back and she didn't care. This made me feel better I went back into my room got on my phone and listened to music for the next hours until the acid finally wore off. This was my trip on 2 tabs.