So it was 22nd june 2017,

Me and my friends were on a vacation in India. It was 10:00 pm me and my friends were taking long exposure shots of the night sky.

Few minutes later my friends went back to their cottages but I was standing there in the dark experimenting with my dslr.
I took long exposure shot of myself and when I saw the picture there was a white shadow that could be seen at the far end.

12:00am
&#8204;We were back in our cottages,  and we were yet to try our first ever hash brownie.  We opened the foil,  ate some of it,it was terrible. Then we went back to sleep

3:00am
I woke up,  I was scared as shit!  Everything around me started revolving 360 degrees.  I shouted, I asked help. Everything started to repeat itself.  I woke up again.. I shouted and asked for help.. Then again. My friends got scared, the hash didn't hit anybody else but me.

I couldnt control my words.. I told my friends how I felt but again those same words kept coming out of my mouth asking for help.

Few minutes later a new thing happened,  I knew what's gonna happen 5 seconds after.. This was really irritating.. Anything my friends told me,  I knew it before.  The works around me moved in slow motion..my hand movdments became smooth and fluid. 
I coudn't move from my bed.

The second thing happened was I felt a new spirit inside me.  I think she was an old lady.. My hands,  shoulder started to shake really fast,  my throat got dry, I asked for water but when I drank it,  it didnt felt like I drank something,  it felt the other soul drank it.

My eyes were pushed inside,  I could see the world from the inside, I saw symbols.. Those symbols had meanings. These symbols came from my deep unconscious mind. I've seen them before at my early age.

1 hour passed, my other friends got a bit sick and started puking but no one had a bad trip like me.. The effect of hash got a bit low but I still felt the soul inside me.. She wanted to stay and have rest.

I remember telling my friends the soul is not going completely.. I hope it'll be over soon, you guys dont worry! 
They made me sleep,  I woke up at 5:00 am,  the spirit gone,  I was feeling a bit week but a bit happy that it was all over.