There were five of us taking the sacrament, all consuming 1gr of dry cubensis. We prepared by doing our regular morning practices though it was evening; meditated, did some fear inventory regarding the ceremony and set our intentions before slowly eating the mushroom. They were quite tasty and nutty in flavour and it felt good to talk to them, sing and connect. 

I had taken 4.5gr in the past and someone else had had a few trips with a few grams. One person was new to the mushroom and two had consumed but in setups where there was a lot of mixing with other substances so they didn't have a clear memory of the mushroom.

The location was in the countryside  We started after 10pm and we had a few children around at the beginning as there were shooting stars and everyone wanted to see them. After 20 minutes from consuming them, the effects started to become hard to handle. People were giddy and the stars twinkling had a sensational effect. The children were sent to bed and I took over the music as I was aware of the strength of the trip. We had anticipated we could dance and talk and it was looking increasingly unlikely that would be possible. The room was in almost darkness with lights off and 2 candles on the table. We had prepared water, slices of apple and dark chocolate. There was also a pasta bake ready to be consumed later as we had fasted for several hours; myself since lunch time. 

We had set the music on my friend's mobile and saved it there as the wifi was terrible. As I couldn't unlock it and the songs started to be real jarring  I resorted to 'next' them, as I knew there were some good ones I had added. The pop came when I got Chernobyl by Blanck Mass; that song is made to open you to shrooms. I put the volume up and told them all to relax and let the mushroom open them. I told them to exhale and let it all out (one was crying) as I felt some got a bit tense. I played next Forgive by Burial and a couple more in that tone. My friends were all lying down with eyes closed and tripping to the max, the newbie reported having strong visuals and one of the girls saw loads of animals and eventually tripped herself to sleep. 

I realised I was the only one standing and I did not want to spend the entire trip selecting the music so I tried to get the Organic Vibrations Spotify playlist on my friend's mobile to no avail. I often release physically (vomit or diarrhoea) when I do entheogens, and this time it wasn't the exception. I went to the loo and on my way grabbed my phone that I knew had the list saved. After some struggle getting the speaker sorted, the list was on and we could all sink in. 

We were in a major inward trip until 2.45 pm. Every so often I could feel that someone cried, shook or tensed up and I kept reminding them to relax and exhale. We all are avid meditators and have body-related practices, so our bodies are super sensitive and we all reported a major increase in sensitivity, not only visuals. My body basically vibrated with the music and entered full synaesthesia at the rhythm of the musical waves. I could feel how the music was used by the mushroom to travel in my body and open it up. At some point, in one intense bit I could feel my buddies were getting a bit tight and I recognise the spot, as I was there in my first trip. I told them that was how love felt like and to receive it. One of my friends told me that hearing that helped her relax and welcome that level of sensation. 

I had beautiful visuals and loads of loving sensation from the mushroom. In conversation with it, I kept going about my intention: wanting to feel beautiful. I got that it is a practice and for parts of the trip, to focus my attention on not engaging my mind and just enjoying it. It took all I had to just receive it. The mushroom appeared to me at various times as a goblin looking man who was making fun. The visuals were very colourful and full of figures and people. I was happy I was close to nature as it felt warm and engulfing. I had three peaks and all of them I felt I couldn't do anything else but to surrender to the visuals and the sensation. I did not want to move nor talk. 

We didn't speak much except for the odd change of music when someone didn't like much the song, and I just simply 'next' it as the list is pretty good. At 2.45 some of us had some pasta, chocolate and apples. The playlist had finished and I played it again with less volume, to continue the trip and slowly ground. We ended up drifting into sleep and waking up around 5 am to go properly to bed. Woke up a few hours later and had a good breakfast and a walk; felt really happy and so did all my friends.