Before this I took LSD about 5 times, starting with a microdose, gradually up to 240 ug. 

My friend N. Pick me up and I took 3 tabs of Kali Yuga x 110 ug, claimed by vendor at 99% purity, made from the swiss bliss crystal.

T+20 min: I felt that it is going to be the deepest trip in my life. 
T+40 min: I was sitting in a car while girls were shopping. The gray fence in my right was dancing like a snake and was my last connection with reality.
T+1 hour: somewhere from a distance I observed our company arriving to a wonderful loft apartment in the middle of the city. N. asked me to take a bag from his car, but I stared into eternity in response.
T+1:30: I remember lying on the couch, as usual, and N. tried to set up music.
T+2 hours: immediately after that I saw him lying on the floor and screaming with a smile: HOW DID WE GET HERE? WHO AM I? as his wife was nearby and calming him down. Then he stood up and asked: How do you like this, guys?

*** there was me, N. And his wife, Also we were expecting D. and his wife S. was already with us. ***

Somewhere at that time I was completely sure that I was dead, I was observing N. having the best time in his life as S. asked me - is this okay? I told her that N. is god now. Then I told all them that I almost could not see them because I was seeing only fractals and eternity. There was no understanding of time, who I was, what was my name and if I was doing something in my life. I understood that there was no point in any fear, even of death, because even if I die, I will be reborn and I will meet exactly these souls in their mortal shells, and we will get whacked as usual. And this already happened countless times. This was the moment I realised that at 330ug we really need sitters, but there was no fear. Fear was pointless. 

I saw future and past, I was a god. I was beyond particles, I was energy. Then we all danced in joy, drawn with crayons and listened to our favourite music. Our bodies also needed to eat and to drink. Of course we also smoked weed and drank wine. We were dressed in comfortable clothes, we were shamans.

When D. Finally arrived, he was running to join us, shrefding his suit and jumping into sweatpants as I was crying from happiness that he finally arrived. Than N. waited until D. was hit by LSD and told him:

'D. Remember your worst childhood nightmares and face them' to which D. responded: 'There are none, I am god.' Then we ate pizza and ice cream. 

All this looped for eternity as we explored the apartment, revealing new rooms and activities. I was thinking that I wanted my girlfriend to be here with us, but she was not ready yet. I also realised that I love seeing people so happy and I was willing to break law and morals to see people happy. Their tears of joy shined upon my mortal body and cleansed my soul.

Next day 11 in the morning (now tripping almost 20 hours)
I have not slept all this time as sleep was meaningless. When my body felt tired, I just had to shift my attention to my hand that was drawing tantric symbols, as I was trying to compose my personality in silence. N. took his car home, as he then told - he was driving completely safe, his body was just going home automatically. 

About 16:00 next day I came home, threw my clothes on the floor, turned on video of guided meditation by Alan Watts and went into a meditation that lasted until 22:00. Then I ate some rice, checked my email and went to sleep, smiling at my future and being so intrigued of what will happen after I die. I knew that the best part is ahead.