I have, since discovering it in high school, always wanted to do DMT. I've researched it religiously since first hearing about it and up until this past summer I was never able to find it. I knew that this would be the perfect chance to experience it given that I was 'renting' my friend's family summer home. I was finally able to experience everything that I've read about or maybe something even better! 

So after I was able to get my hands on this beautiful drug I was incredibly eager to try it. My first couple of trips were nothing more than warm ups since I wanted to test the waters before diving in head first like so many people who have bad times do. Towards the middle of the summer I was able to experience some of the best trips of my life. One had me taken by an entity who showed me some of the most amazing works of art I had ever seen. It was almost as if the colors where speaking to me in a way only I could understand. The next few had me enter an entirely new world with shapes and patterns I could never understand. While my trips themselves where never unpleasant (though most were intense) I have had only one so far that has left a mark on me by giving me what I believe to be a strong warning.

To preface this trip I need to give you a little bit of background information. So my friend's family owns the house that me and my friend were staying at and would often visit on weekends. This was all well and good though since we would get heads up in advance to ready the house for their arrival. Now given that my friend's family was very anti-drug there was a tad risk to doing DMT in the house (I'm almost certain if they had found the crack pipe I use to vaporize DMT they would have called the cops). I've never ran into any problems in that regard so I guess things turned out better than expected. HOWEVER, my final DMT trip showed me just what could have been had this had played out differently.

It was towards the end of summer, I believe it was my last day staying in the house, when I decided it would be a good idea to trip. Now my friend did inform me a few days ago that part of his family would be stopping through but since they were a no show I took it as an all clear to take off. 

I went down to my usual spot where I smoke DMT on a nice comfy couch in a partially lit room. There I prepared myself for the trip (I usually quiet my mind and meditate for a few minutes before tripping as that tends to help with the intensity of the trips). I gathered my supplies and started. 

First hit started off like every other, a dull buzzing, a feeling of happiness, and some small visual distortion. The second hit was where I knew something was off. As soon as I held the hit in my lungs everything got yellow as if someone had covered all the lights in a translucent yellow wrapping. I started to feel my mind slipping which startled me since that normally happens on my third or fourth hit. I began to panic slightly as I went for the third hit in order to truly see what this trip had in store. As soon as I closed my eyes I heard a banging which I assumed was my friend's family member. I had no idea that what follows was a hallucination until I was completely sober. 

I had pictured my friend's family catch me crack pipe in hand tripping out. In this hallucination, my friend's uncle tore me from where I was sitting and in a sort of cartoonish fashion tossed me out the front door. It was there where I thought I was surrounded by officers all coming closer to detain me. I didn't realize this until after the trip but I instinctively grabbed onto the speaker next to me, which at that point I was certain that it was an officer's helmet, and waving it sporadically saying something along the lines of 'what is this? why is this happening?'.  This went on for some time until I could pull myself back at which point I realized I was still sitting on the couch. A sense of unfathomable relief washed over me as I realized it was all part of the trip. Shaken a bit I went outside for a bit of fresh air and to stop the paranoia that the police were there. 

Once I collected myself I started to realize that DMT though a bountiful drug is still an illegal one with great consequences should one get caught with it. It was from then on that I realized that I need to be more careful with where I choose to smoke and that I should always make sure it's safe.