It was Thursday night and I had no school on Friday so I decided to take four 80 ug tabs. Previosly I had been tripping constantly. I would say I'm experience as I've had 41 trips In last year. ( I know that I shouldnt or that it can lose its magic but Its always amazing and I never feel burnt out after) anyway, so I left home in a happy mood once I could feel the effects, I surprisingly havnt noticed any tolerance issues with the amount I do.

I got a ride from 2 good friends of mine to a party going on but when I got there the party had just ended so I felt bummed out because I had to walk home. Suddenly my buddy, lets call him Trevor comes out of nowhere and I asked if he wanted to smoke up alittle. He agreed. I sat in his room and felt a chill go down my spine. Visuals arent that apparent untill I took 3 or 4 tokes. I needed to breath and think so I asked him to tell the music off for a few minutes and instead, he decided to put on pink floyed another brick in the wall.

At this point I'm super on edge of a bad trip. He offered my chocolate milk and I accepted but then he kept pouring glass after glass and practically was forcing me to drink cup after cup. If things couldnt get worse he decide he was gonna show me his new axe when I wasnt paying attention. As soon as this guy takes the weapon out I'm conviced he wants to kill me. I insist on leaving but he kept trying to force me to stay. I finally managed to get out and the road is getting longer. I wasnt sure if I crossed the road that a car was gonna appear out of thin air so I ran. As I slowed down, to avoid police I went through a back alley where a gas station is and I hear a group of people taking about 50 - 70 feet away at the gas station. As soon as I came around the corner the voices stopped and the group was almost anticipating that I was gonna be around that corner because they all stared at me from a distance while I walked.

There was a car dealership and they had a outdoor light that was shinking on a sign they had. I noticed that it was constantly flicker like a horror movie. As I walk across the town bridge the beams are lit up red and the bridge (made of wood and extremely long) seemed like it wouldnt end but I've walked that bridge many times sober and know that it is only a 5 minute walk but seemed like 20- 30. The rest of the walk home I felt as though somebody was gonna attack me at any second.