##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

It was a beautiful day and G, R and I had just bought a strip of "Dragon Ball Z" acid the previous day. We called it this because or plug only sold LSD on sheets with the DBZ logo. Due to the weather, we decided it would be a perfect day to drop and we each took one tab of 200ug strength. We then drove around the city and pulled endless gb's as we waited for the acid to kick in, (don't drive on acid we are stupid). At about 30mins in I began to feel the familiar warm euphoric glow and I knew I was in for a great trip. Another 30mins had passed and we headed back to G & R's apartment as it was really starting to kick in for G and R but for me the warmth and euphoria had only grown stronger and I had yet to experience and visual. This was odd as I usually begin to experience visuals early on into the trip.	Overall 2hrs had passes since I had first dropped the feeling of warmth and euphoria was still steadily building and had become so intense that it was almost overwhelming.

Then suddenly while lying on a couch in the living room I felt a "pop" and it was as if reality went through a paper shredder and those strips of reality were sucked away into the top right of my vision. Those strips were replaced with complete blackness that eventually gave way to a mystical "dimension" void of space and time. While I was there I lost everything that I had always perceived as "me" all I was reduced to pure tranquility and I can vaguely remember vibrant reds, yellows, oranges, and purples. I don't remember much about this place other than this. I'm not sure how long I was gone but while I was there it felt like eternity. I returned to "reality" with a wide grin, G and R asked me what happened and it took me a while to gather my thoughts all I could do was just smile and laugh like and insane man. I eventually gathered my thoughts and told them what had happened. They didn't seem to believe me as they had never experienced anything similar on acid. I believe this to be my first ego death experience. 	

After I was able to collect myself I walked over to the mirror in the room and stared at myself for a while. At this point I was tripping sack and was curious what would happen. At first I looked normal, slowly, my skin became pale, eventually grey, my eyes turned a deep black, and my hair was moving as if it was alive. This startled me at first as I was not expecting to morph into a foreign being, but although eerie the being standing before me did not appear to be menacing. Since this first experience I have continually perceived myself as an "alien" looking entity. As the acid began to slowly ware of I saw fractals of lessening intricacy and vividness as I eventually returned to baseline, and was greeted the next day by a lovely afterglow. Sadly, I have yet to experience anything like this since though, I have tried to return on multiple occasions but to no avail.