I've always been interested in psychedelic substances, since my younger age, and after a long time, I've been able to try out the famous substance labeled as psilocybine. 

It all happened on a warm day of September, 3th September 2017. Me and my friend already had a small experience with this substance (Psilocybe Tampanensis, Philosophers Stone), but all we achieved was disappointment, probably due to a lacking dose; this time the dose was fairly enough to have a decent Level 3 to 4 trip. I drove to him at 12PM, he lives about 35km far, he lives in a countryside place full of woods. 

Firstly, he took me to a big forest, which sadly was entirely burnt, we laughed at how we would be getting such a bad trip in there as everything was black and burned, so we moved to another place. We ended up on a lovely hill, full of pines, typical mediterranean flora. We ingested the truffles at about 1PM, none of us had any breakfast or food to maximize the effects; all I had was a beer to cool down the anxiety of the come up, not that great idea since I ended up with an uncomfortable nausea, while my friend didn't. 

About 1 hour later the effects started kicking in, I didn't really trip hard until I laid directly under the sunlight. It seemed to hugely amplify everything, closing my eyes I would have 3D visuals such as a digital spiky dragon which was getting closer to me. I laughed at the fact that he was trying to scare me. By this time, I put my headphones on and after a bit, 'Sigur Ros - The nothing song' started playing; the childish voice somehow reminded me of my sister who died of cancer at the age of 3, it was a strong hit, and I had to take my headphones off. Having my eyes open, instead, would show me a brighter blue up in the sky. 

I tried to eat something at this point, about 2:30 hours after ingesting truffles, a very bad idea, my mouth was so dry I couldn't throw down anything, I ended up spitting the food out, otherwise I would definitely have suffocated. Sipped some peach ice tea after this. Later on, I realized that staying with my friend would limit my effects, so I decided to have an adventurous walk upon the hill; once I reached a forsaken tower the environment surrounding it was just sensational, the sight itself was amazing, but in that moment it was 10x better, and it caused me a strong emotional feeling, a mixture of discovery, curiosity and joy. After a while I went back to our basement, and my friend said he didn't even realize I had a walk. We ended up talking and joking on the fact that each other's presence would limit the effects, so I told him to go and check out that wonderful place on his own. He did. 

By this time my thoughts were not the best thoughts I could get, I started thinking about the fact that my dad is a tobacco addict and about his life assurance. I thought that I couldn't stand his death, and I ended up tearing a bit. The tears caused me a deep feeling of satisfaction, like I've been trying to get this out for so long; now I wasn't sad anymore, as I was laying on the towel with my belly down on the ground and my face staring at the trees, I somehow experienced being nothing for a short time. I was literally nothing, and it was not good, it was not bad, it was just linear and stable nothingness. As my friend came back I cleaned my tears and we talked about religion and afterlife, and I stated that death mustn't be so bad, and I actually think this, I think life is much harder and painful than death, when you're dead you don't feel anything, you don't have any needs, no thoughts, you're nothing, as you used to be before your birth. It was kind of bizarre realizing for how of a short time we're alive in the entire time's timeline, I kept wondering when did time start running? It always ran? How? Will it run forever? While talking about this some small trees would turn into some minecraft-like texture, it was cool. I realized in this moment that visuals are just a side effect of this substance, the main changes are in your perspectives. 

At about 6:30PM I drove back home, I lost myself in that small town where he lives, I had to call him trying to figure how to escape from there, it was really unpleasant as the traffic in Italy is quite strange, but in small towns it's even worse, I wasted about 20 minutes trying to get out of there, when I finally did, I drove back home with a joyful dusk skyline surrounding my sight on the highway. Last days of summer memories.