My first experience of Real LSD was at 17, however I had taken multiple microdots and plant based psychs before that day.
However I have continued to take LSD regularly until now at the age of 21.

I microdose at 25-75ug. As standard I take 1 x 100-200ug tab, this is usually because I take it with friends for their first time however I have personally taken 6 tabs at a minimum strength of 190ug, accounting for purity. Yes I have flashback but no flashbacks are completely different to what people say and mostly happen with music I like or while smoking weed. They are acute at best. In my opinion there are primarily two important trips; The first trip I every had and; High Dosages.

My friend Josh, who I had hit tabs of 2c and Dots with before had gotten ahold of tabs that he had already tried without me and he would not shut up about them. We were in our towns, town center and he passed me a couple. Naturally I took one immediately after examining the paper. 

The first thing I noticed was a hint of an almost steel like taste, metallic for sure, but otherwise tasteless. NO SHARP TASTE. NO BITTER TASTE. I rub it under my tongue for normally about 10-15 minutes and then swallow the tab. It takes me 30 minutes to walk home from where we were and I must've spent another 15 minutes talking with him. I am sure my first hit only took me 30 minutes to start feeling the 'body sensations' of my lungs and heart and skin and veins start to open, my breaths became deep and the sky and world in general started to glisten and evolve into deep vibrant colours. 

About 25 minutes into my walk back I was on a level of baffled I had never reached before. I could see these spinning, thoughts of colour and vibration flying through the back of my skull and out in front of me. Honestly I can see why people believe crazy shit while on acid because I just cannot explain it outside of the experience. When I got home everything was colliding and melting and reforming. Not melting in the classical sense of an icecube or chocolate. More merging into everything and eventually it all just melted away completely. I could see, and I remember looking at objects but then the universe would rip me away from physical existence and display something new that I could almost play with and touch. Like a dream of reality, where everything is as real as the real world but with completely different rules to the game. I sat drawing for a while and thinking about all of my life and childhood. I lived on my own by this point and had been homeless and honestly I couldn't have been more at peace. This must've lasted for 5-7 hours until I started to regain normality. Colours, Visions, Dreams, Sounds, Beings, My own Inner Self. I speak to the subconscious me. The stillness behind my mask, behind who I think I am, behind the ego and persona. It shows me the source code of my mind.

