Hi guys I am from czech republic, and used mdma at least 20times in Last 3 years. Now there was 1 month break, and I found on internet info about plugging, so I needed to try. I have medium tolerance to MDMA (I usually use 0.3 and 0.2g orally).

Set and setting.
I was in my home alone with my dog only.

I took two shot glass and washed them. Into one poured water. Then put it in the microwave for 1 minute. Letting it cool down and picking up a full syringe from one shot, and then emptied it into the second shot.

Crushed mdma crystals to dust, and dissolved them in the water. When the crystals dissolved, the water was pumped into the syringe. (Ideal water temperature to inject is bodytemp)


T0: (21:24) I start with plugging .2g MDMA via syringe. Laying on floor at left side. It is not uncomfortable (use lubricant), push it as far you can and press. Wait for few minutes, then carefouly wake up. From the beginning, it was like feeling a little bit of burning inside your ass (like at evening after you had a spicy kebab for lunch) and a little bit like need going to the toilet, but no problem to hold it. It stopped within five minutes.

T+13: I feel my heart beating and a little hitting

T+18: very strong hit, I'm starting to stiffen my jaw

Another 15 minutes I'm trying to figure out how to move in starwars, I do not understand how kids can manage it =D MUSIC: dnb upbeats

T+36: I am totally struggle with two macOS desktops, I can not find a mouse = D

T+41: I take orally with parachute .2g mdma

T+50: next hit (60% of first)

T+60: I watch porn

T+80: I am trying to send to my friend porn which is already deleted on the web, I try to upload to some servers, but cant get how, again, funny = D

T+90: next hit 40% of the first MUSIC spiro: make a stand

T+110: I'm going to get a bong rip with czech superskunk

T+130: plugging the last 0.1g mdma

T+160: last raid 20% first

Rest of night I watched porn and rippin pots, until 5 o'clock in the morning, then I fell asleep.

Conclusion: Plugging has a much faster peak (20-30min) and gives a stronger hit. May take a bit shorter than orally. The big advantage is that there are no uncomfortable feelings in the stomach or bitter taste. Moreover, according to harm reduction, it is the safest method.
Sorry for my english, not best.
Have a nice day guys.