10:10 PM ~ My brother and I acquired a half gram of 97% pure MDMA, which I have tried several times before and is chemically tested by my connection. We ingested 1 point (100 mgs) at this time.

Around 10 45 ~ 11: I feel that air is sliding and melting against me; at times, in fact, even into me. It is a beautiful symbiotic reaction that occurs everyday that we are alive, but I know it is very much more defined in a clear and not overwhelming way. I feel entirely comfortable moving and grooving to my environment, and verbally transcending into the vibe of my brother's conversation. Intentionally stumbling feels quite gleeful, and adds a different more intense influence to the body sensations.

11:45: Rolling around on the carpet, we both ingested a second point to intensify the roll around the time the peak hits.

12:50 AM: Second point has kicked with a very sedating, buttery and orgasmic sensation. Physical movements feel more delayed, and my vision wafts and drags while occasionally shaking my field of view. We decide to split a point (100 mgs) between us, since he suggested we snort half of it each. (50 mgs) I chopped my half of the mostly crystalline point into smallish lines with my debit card, much like with a small mound of coke. I then snorted the 5 lines with a bill, and then offered to chop his lines for him, but he said he'd prefer to snort the one very thick line I had chopped out. I preferred to take the smaller lines because I've heard the drip can be bitter and rather harsh.

12:51 AM ~ The drip sets in, although I've let it sit and absorb in my nostril. VERY bitter and sour in a much much different way than cocaine. Body high (which was already prospering) seems slightly intensified.

1:05 AM: Drip is a son of a bitch, but powerade is helping. Now these lines seem to have enhanced my visuals fairly significantly; began mildly but now moderately enhanced flip-book vision and slight grainy purple and blueish sweeping color patters on the wall, lit by a strobe light and a black light in the room.

1:16 AM: This roll has now elevated to another plateau, prompted I imagine from snorting the half, made intensified by the fact that we should be approaching the wonderous peak now; retreating gently from the smooth come up towards it. It feels like scales on a fish, escalating and descending up and down my body as well as my mind, beautifully so. My brother, who, once again  is on the same dose as myself.

Alas, also; flip-book vision (for those who don't know, the rapidly flickering, short duration distortions of general vision) is much more intensified. This is my favorite visual from MDMA, even though it's tended to give me distinctly different, yet similar color patterns to an LSD trip. (One of the several seperate reasons why I ENTIRELY, WITHOUT QUESTION consider MDMA a beautiful and completely unique and mystic psychedelic.)

It is beautiful, tactile senses in general are also more amplified then before. Once again, the concept of air comes back to me. The simple and slight cooling from the ceiling fan are calming and seem to, quite literally ooze and slide off of my body and bare skin like thin layers of water. It is very relaxing and tranquil, but my brother prompts me to come outside with him for a cheap cigar smoke. I'm also looking forward to viewing the stars and feeling the grass outside on this chilling December night, which has been warmed and softly consoled by this beautiful and now significantly... fuck it, fairly highly intensified influence which I presume is a result of the bastardly lines.

1:46 AM: We saunter out of the sliding glass door of the apartment, leading into the grassy court yard with a swing set in the middle. The dense mass of giant fur trees in the distance swayed and flopped against each other in the embrace of the wind. My body felt like it was naturally swaying in a very similar manner upon seeing the tree's motions. The ghostly white, thin clouds drifted above them in the starry dark blue sky, accentuated by diamond - like color patters of purple and magenta. We sat in the grass and glared wide eyed into the massive dome of the clear night sky above us as we smoked a cigar close to one another.

1:55 AM - I felt an intensely striking sense of passion, clear connection, and pure appreciation for the natural state of the environment. I felt so deeply joyful and gracious to be experiencing the cool embrace of the night air, and gazing up into the cosmic darkness surrounding me. This wonderful euphoric peak lasted about another hour and a half before the gentle comedown period set in. I fell asleep peacefully around 4:00 AM.

Glorious roll.