I wanted to experience whatever LSD gives you, and this may have been the only chance I have to do it in a very long time, so I decided to drop two tabs. Apparently these tabs were Pure L and 250 ug each. I got a little nervous after having heard that, but I didn't panic. I did it with two friends, and my girlfriend. One of the friends, along with my girlfriend, dropped one tab, where I dropped two and our more experienced friend dropped three, (fuckkng 750 ug)

So at first I didn't know what to expect, and then euphoria came. Everything was funny, and I mean everything. We just looked at dumb memes on this huge tv that was in the room and laughed our asses off for about two hours, and then shit got weird. At some point someone turned on dark side of the moon, and I was laying in bed watching the ceiling melt. My girlfriend is an artist, so she had s bunch of her pieces hug up around her room. They looked so Trippy, especially the self portraits, I thought the paper was melting off the wall. At one point my experience friend said he was seeing waves so my new friend starts explaining longitudinal and transverse waves to him, asking what he was seeing, and eventually he comes to the conclusion that he was seeing surface waves. There is a napkin with waves drawn all over it, along with the words help, night vale, and the number 17. We started watching these videos, these Trippy as fuck videos like double King, fever the ghost (source) and elephant garden. I thought they were super cool, my new friend got freaked out by them. In one of the videos there's a pair of dancing shadow guys with masks. And I swear to God I was seeing them in the corner of my eyes all day. This was the best part of the trip to me, nothing was really making sense and all that we were doing was laying on the bed or looking into mirrors. The house is actually an apartment, with two floors. We agreed to stay in her room for the peak, but I really really wanted to go outside for like 10 seconds to look at the sky, unfortunately it was a gray and cloudy cold as fuck day, so there wasn't really anything to see.

About two hours after that we all eventually came to a consensus that we wanted to go walk to the park, something that was about a 15 minute walk away. My girlfriend kept trying to say stuff like 'oh it's gone now' 'I'm not high anymore' but then I would ask 'is the sky still moving' and she would accept that she was still tripping balls. We got to the park, no body was there. My experienced friend and I were just playing this this musical xylophone thing built into the play ground. Every now and then I would hear the song from that video, and I would see the little mask guys dancing in the shadows somewhere, at first it scared me but then I realized they're nice and I started to like it. This is when my girlfriend and my new friend started to have a bad trip. They both got filled with anxiety and were super nervous for no real reason, they kept saying that someone is gonna catch us, something bad is gonna happen, even though we were just some teens at a park. I calmed them down a bit and made them start enjoying it again, but then my new friend started to black out.

We immediately went back to my girlfriends place, making sure that the new friend did not fall or pass out. As we were walking me and the experienced guy started talking about some super weird shit, and now there is s video of me walking down the street sayin 'wub wub, wub wub wub' as a sentence and then getting a response of wubs from my friend back. At one point I said 'one wub unto the many' and we thought it was the deepest shit ever. Anyway eventually we got back to the room and chilled there. My new friend curled up in a ball in a chair and started talking about how much he misses his girlfriend, so we gave him a stuffed animal and named it his girlfriends name, which calmed him down a bit.

We went back to the park a few times, nothing too weird happened, colors changing and shit being weird, the usual. Then it was 10:30 pm, when we had to go home. We had already agreed not to drive, and we left the car back at my place and took the bus to my girls in the morning, but now we had To go back. The bus we took earlier was not running any more. It was 40 degrees Fahrenheit outside. It was raining. I was on acid. So we start our journey to the train, cold and wet at balls. We get to the train station and my experienced friend says 'gotta take a piss Brb' so he jumps the train tracks to god knows where to go piss. He gets back like 30 seconds before the train gets there, that made me nervous. We take the train to a transit center, then wait for THIRTY MINUTES at MIDNIGHT, TWENTY FEET FROM COPS, while its raining and cold. Some homeless people try to finagle us out of our money, but they give up eventually. That was the longest thirty minutes of my life. Eventually we get on the correct bus and get back to my house, where it took me like an hour to fall asleep.

So, I didn't have an epiphanies, nothing really deep realized about myself, it was just a fun time. My girlfriend didn't have the best Time, but she was nervous because we were at her house, she she's willing to try again. My new friend doesn't want to do it ever again, he just wants to stick with weed. My girlfriend realized she's too uptight about stuff and my friend realized he's An anxious piece of shit, and I just had fun. Hopefully that's not a bad thing for dropping 500 ug after never drinking smoking or doing any drug ever before.