The pill was a mottled blue thing with a break-line down the middle, sourced from a trusted friend, and previously tried at much lower doses with mildly pleasant effects. A general feeling of wellbeing, sociability, and comfort. What follows is an experience born from sheer boredom, with the aim of passing a few hours.

Set: bored, neutral
Setting: home alone, but trusted people within easy contact (I know this doesn't sound good, but being home by myself is pretty much my safe place) high doses of vitamins E and C taken before.

I didn't pay much attention to what time it was when I dosed, but the first effects came along after about 20-30 mins in the form of a desperate need to poop. It was only when I turned the bathroom light on that it really hit me. And BOY did it hit me! The room was covered in an orange glow (It's normally a clean off-white). My body and mind were in absolute chaos. I was warm in every sense of the word, except for my fingers, which were cold. I managed to grab a quick look at my pupils in the mirror (yep, massive) before collapsing onto the toilet.

Fast forward, after about 20 minutes sitting on the toilet thinking I was going to die, things started to settle down. The walls were shifting slightly, and the sensation of hot water as I washed my hands was exquisite. I decided to listen to some music. Santana - Black Magic Woman, a fantastic piece sober, filled me. I HAD to dance. A playlist appeared on YouTube, a mix of psychedelic rock and good old rock and roll. I knew I was in for a good time from here onwards. Dancing, immersed in the music. Running my hands through my hair felt good!

A few songs in, my lack of physical health caught up with me. I was exhausted, overheating, but I just had to talk. By this point, visuals had gone, and I was much more in control. I messaged my friend (the one who supplied me), who not only provided great conversation but also convinced me to remove some clothes and have a drink. A great idea. The rest of the day was spent chatting and listening to music and generally feeling really good, but my body temperature kept fluctuating.

About 4 or 5 hours in the come down was awkward, and almost as fast as the come up. I felt weird. Stretched, empty, almost depressed. This didn't last long though. Some more water and a nice strong cheese (high in salt and tryptophan you see, salted nuts would be a good alternative if you don't eat cheese) brought me level again, to enjoy residual good feelings.

Had trouble sleeping that night, but no ill effects the next day.