The set and setting: 
This was my third time doing 'knips'. My mom was out of town and I had invited a girl I went to middle school with to come to my place and do ecstasy (sold as knips, not tested with testkit). It was her first time doing any illegal drug besides alcohol. This was the first time we hung in a couple of years. My dog was there, I usually don't do drugs around him because he used to be neglected.

The Roll:
We took each our pill at 8:10 pm, we watched a video of Psychedsubstance about the effects of MDMA. 10 minutes into the video she became really weird, her eyes rolled back, she started moving like a squid and said 'Aaah my skin'. I was a little happier and more attracted to her than normal, but I still felt sober. A few minutes later I felt like all my movement was flowing and I moved as if I was drunk. She asked 'What is life?', I said 'Life is a dance'. We undressed, not to have sex, just to be naked because that is what felt natural. Time was really sped up the next two hours. Within those two hours we took a shower together, laid on the floor of the hall and I gave her a house tour. We compared the hair of our asses and spent a lot of time in front of the mirror looking at our naked bodies. We talked about a closet in my living room we thought was weird. 

At 10 pm we went out to buy condoms and chewing gum. She wore my underwear, sweater, hat and pants. I wore her shirt, but the rest of my clothes were my own. On the way to the store we visited a 23 year old friend of mine who had never tried MDMA before, we had bought the pills together a few nights earlier. When we came to his house and were peaking on it, he asked 'Is it good?', I said yes, and he took his pill. Both me and the girl was surprised since we did not know he was going to roll with us. We went to the store together and walked a bit longer than we had to so we could hang out with my 23 year old mate who was about to come up on ecstasy for the first time. Me and the girl kissed once every few minutes just to stay close while walking. 

We started slowly coming down, when we said goodbye to the 23 yr old, he said 'Now it hit me' with a smile. When me and the girl came home we were no longer high as fuck. We had sex at around 1:30 am, we went at it for about 15 minutes, I did not cum due to me doing semen retention. The sex was pretty boring compared to just being on ecstasy. We went to sleep at 2 am. I slept really lightly and woke up a few times that night, i got up out of bed at 7 am. 

Aftermath: 
All three of us have afterglow, all in a better mood than normal. The 23 yr old said he thinks everything looks really interesting and he really likes walking. I asked them both what they had learnt from MDMA, the 17 yr old girl said 'Everything is normal', the 23 yr old man said 'Everything thing is nothing' and I learnt to be more comfortable with my body.