Organic Chemistry

I have smoked DMT before a couple times, but I could never get it to work.  I never 'blasted off' as I have heard people describe.  But this time, I got it right!

I was at home, alone.  Not on any prescription drugs.  Had just moved to a new place and got a new job working for the census.  Going door to door interviewing people.

I smoked DMT in a glass pipe.  I took several hits.  I lost motor function; I could not control my arms.  I lay down and closed my eyes.

I was floating in a sky blue space.  I looked around, trying to figure out what was going on.  Next to me, was a very large, three-dimensional green arrow.  It was bigger than me.  It looked like computer graphics.  It was very clear and sharp and vivid.  More clear and vivid than real life.

I remember thinking, what is that?  Trying to get my bearings.  Arrows don't just occur naturally!  I am thinking, 'Where am I?  What is this arrow?  What is going on here?'

I look around, and I see what the arrow is pointing to.  It is a picture of a molecule, like you might see in a chemistry textbook.  Just the notation where it's lines showing bonds or double-bonds.  I think, 'Um, oh, ok, a molecule, I know what a molecule is.'  

I look around more, and after a while, I finally get it.  I am inside a huge flow chart.  There are lots of arrows and molecules.  It is showing *all* the molecules involved in life processes on planet Earth.  For example, it is showing the path of one particular oxygen molecule, from when it is breathed out of a cell in a leaf on a tree in Brazil, all the way to where someone breathes it in in New York, and it gets attached to a hemoglobin molecule in a red blood cell in their body.  I get it.  I see what this is.

It all looks like fancy ray-traced computer graphics.  Very clean and bright colors.

Well, then I fell out of the flow chart, and I am in a big room.  It looks a lot like Houston Mission Control.  Where they control the space shuttle missions.  There are rows of computers with people operating them.  The flow chart can be seen on a big TV screen up on the wall.  It's like this is the place where they monitor (control?) everything that was being shown in the flow chart:  all the organic life processes in all the living things on Earth.

I know this sounds strange, but this is really what I saw:  all the people operating the consoles were these little fairy girls, and they were all wearing nurse outfits with little white paper hats. Some of them become aware that I am standing there, an outsider in the midst of their operation.  They come up to me and say something like, 'Get back in the simulation, life form!'  And I reply, 'What?  No!'  

They take this attitude with me:  'We are in charge here.  We run this planet.  You are just a cog in our machine!  Get back in there!  What are you even doing here?'

I don't like this very much.  I don't know what I was thinking or why I said this, but I exclaim, (these are my exact words), 'I'm cleared for this ** High Level **  kind of shit!'  Then I say something to the effect of, 'I want to speak to the person in charge.'

Well, I guess they made me do what they wanted.  The next thing I knew, I was approaching my body and earth.  But for some reason I perceived it as a house on a green hill.  Kind of like a pleasant cartoon.  An icon indicating home.  I'm going home now.  Just before I woke up back in normal reality, I heard this voice whisper, very loudly, 'Organic Chemistry!'

Footnote:  Several years later on acid, I found myself back in exactly that same 'Houston Mission Control' place.  That time, I managed to leave and go look for the boss.

Footnote 2:  On mushrooms, years later, I was sitting in the living room, and suddenly 'fell out' of the room.  I was in a place where I saw many planets, lined up in tiers.  The Earth was one of them, but there were many others, dozens and dozens.  Each one has a crew of guys standing in front of it, monitoring a control panel.  And each planet has a thing coming off of it like a unicorn horn, like a spiral sea shell.  I don't know what that was. Do you?

Aftermath:

Well, as you may know, DMT does not last for very long.  I came to and was sober and normal.  I seem to remember feeling sharp and fresh afterwards.  I think I went to play cards with my El Salvadorean neighbor in his back yard.  We would play poker and he'd get me drunk on wine before I went to work.  I'd show up at people's houses and be all lit up, 'Hi, I'm here from the government!  I'd like to ask you a few questions....'  I liked that job :)