LSD on a Plane

I went to go visit my brother in Phoenix, and he slings some shit from time to time. He had a full sheet of acid, and a shitload of liquid, and asked if I wanted to try any, knowing I had never done it before. I figured why not? I know when you do shit like that you're supposed to be with someone you completely trust (I completely trust my brother, obviously) and in an environment you're comfortable with (I love his place, so it wasn't an issue at all). Even though I'm a pretty small girl - I weigh less than 115 pounds, I tend to have a really, really high tolerance for drugs... so I started off with 2 tabs, and he took 3 and a sugar cube.

He said it'd take a little bit to kick in, like 45 minutes at the absolute most, so we waited for a bit. He had taken a lot more than I had, so I think he started feeling it at around 20 minutes. When 45 minutes hit, I was starting to see things move - you know, walls breathing and shit. But nothing like what I had expected. I said fuck it again, and decided to take some more. He placed two more drops on a sugar cube and I popped it. No more than 15 minutes later I was fucked.

The walls were breathing, I could barely recognize my brother, when I went to the bathroom, I couldn't stop staring at the towels because their fibers were SO god damned mesmerizing. Looking into the mirror was SO bizarre - I knew I was looking at my face, but I couldn't recognize myself. And I wanted to touch literally anything that was soft - his cat, his dog, his couch, his pillows, his carpet... I tried touching his bird, but that pretty clearly didn't work out too well. It was intense, to say the least. I also started to get really emotional. My brother and I have been through some serious shit with our parents growing up (they're literal pieces of garbage), but he's been my protector our whole lives, so when I sat down next to him I just started to sob uncontrollably. I don't think I've ever felt love so pure in my life. I couldn't even express in words how much I appreciated everything he had done for me growing up, how he took beatings for me, how he'd taken the blame for things I had done because he wanted to protect me from all of the abuse our parents would have put me through. Literally all of these emotions just flooded through me as if a dam had broken, and there was no way for me to stop it. I cried for almost two hours, telling him over and over how sorry I was and how much I love him. It wasn't a bad cry though... I was crying because I had never before experienced love in that capacity. Not for my parents, that's for damn sure, not for any boyfriend I've ever had, not for my best friend, not for anyone. And in those hours it was SO important to me that he understand how much I love him. Emotions were running high to say the least.

It got to him too, even though he fries all the time. He broke down and started crying. He let me know that I was his little sister and he'd do anything and everything to protect me, no matter how old we get, because that's his job as a big brother and he can't function in life without knowing I'm safe and happy. He sort of alluded to the fact that since our parents aren't actually PARENTS, I'm his responsibility to take care of - and that's not something he takes lightly, or will ever give up.

We both cried for a while longer, and then out of nowhere, looked at each other, and fucking burst into laughter like no other. We were dying. I have no idea what the fuck we were laughing at, but it was the kind of laughter that makes you lose your breath, and leaves you just slapping your knees or the table while you gasp for air and tears stream down your face. We must have gone on like this for another hour straight - my ribs and cheeks were killing me for the next two days.

I had a flight the next morning (which he reaaaaally should have thought of, considering it was my first time, that idiot), and when I got to the airport I was feeling fine. We said our goodbyes, got sad of course, but I was still okay. It wasn't until I got onto the fucking airplane that all hell broke loose. I saw a guy who looked eerily like my brother (okay, yeah, it was probably the LSD) and I realized that I wouldn't be able to see him again for at least another 4 months. I sobbed the whole flight back to Georgia, and just as deeply as I had felt those emotions the night before, that's how deeply my heart broke. As if that wasn't bad enough, I started tweaking out about an hour into the flight and it lasted the whole way back home. Cold sweats, getting really fucking twitchy, unable to sleep, and when I went to the bathroom my pupils were MASSIVE so I'm sure if someone had paid close enough attention they would've been able to tell I was strung out.

I guess all in all, it was a really fun experience. Personally, I wouldn't do it again, but I see why others do. The visuals were pretty insane, but as far as the overwhelming emotions go, I think I'll pass. And who likes feeling tweaked out? Yeah, no thanks.