##EROWID_NOTE:LACED_CANNABIS##

One night after school my buddy and I wanted to get baked. He called this chick who picked up some tress for us from a city nearby. We both pitched in on 2 grams. He threw $5 I threw $15. The weird thing was one gram was in saran wrap and one gram was a small black baggie. I thought it was odd but thought nothing of it at the time I just wanted to get baked. So I said to my friend which bag do u want to smoke. He didnt care so I rolled up the gram in the saran wrap. We smoked that got a little high I took my bag and went home for the night.   
    
Once I got home I rolled up my bag into a blunt and smoked it. (which my mother at the time who only took one hit off the blunt.) I noticed when I was breaking up this weed it seemed pretty wet, but I just thought they didnt dry it good enough. 

My mother and I sat down and watched some tv. There was the normal high for about 20 minutes or so, then things started to seem trippy. The only psychedelic I've tried before this was salvia, and morning glory seeds or LSA ( which I loved). My hands were starting to go numb and so did my arms, I thought it was odd but thought maybe it was just how I was sitting. My mother was laughing non stop at nothing, and as she was laughing she said how do I get my arms to stop being numb. 

Now at the moment she said that I went full on panic and realized I'm tripping extremely hard. I quickly ran to the mirror, and as I was running to the mirror things got very trippy. The floor felt like a trampleling or rubber or something. I got to the mirror and saw my pupils were completely dilated. Like no color in my eyes at all. The terror that came over me as I noticed I could see my veins popping out all over my forehead and neck. Also my heart was racing extremely fast. It got to a point where I seeing shadowy figures and the lights in my home were flicker like some horror movie, all in this twisted room that was tilting. My mother wasnt tripping as hard as me because she only took one hit, but she was still feeling the mild effects. She called an ambulance thinking my heart was going to explode. I laid down in bed for a moment and it completely felt and looked like I was falling into a hole. Feeding my fear even more. 

An ambulance arrived and cops showed up. Thank god the cops didnt charge me with anything. In the ambulance they took me to the hospital, they were checking things in the ambulance like my heart rate which was over 220 bpm. I saw the entire back of this ambulance get covered in spiders and every thing turned reddish in color. I could feel them climbing on my skin. The funniest shit is they put me in the waiting room in the state I was in. This probably an hour into the trip. I began looking at other people in this packed waiting room. Some people were looking at me like I was scaring the shit out of them. But it was like I could see the good and evil in people. Some peoples faces would turn demonic, like blacked out eyes, their jaws would drop and stretch into blackness. I felt like I was leaving my body like a sock being pulled off or something. This made think I'm dying so I made the doctors take me in and they took me in ER. I had to wait the trip off basically in a hospital which really sucked. I was hearing people whisper my name in my ear and saw crazy demonic hallucinations.