Last year, when I was 16 years old when I did acid to trip for the first time, previous times I had did 25I-NBOME which I identified by its strong metallic and bitter taste. The only reason I know this was truly LSD was because I had got caught at school smoking and they searched me, they found the LSD tablets on me and gave them to the cops to be tested, I later discovered through the police department it was indeed LSD. Also to note I don't remember a whole lot from this trip so I apologize for the choppy sequence of events. 

I was stoked to do acid for the first time and I was hyped for spring break, I chose my room as the place to trip. I took one tablet of 200 &#956;g LSD the day I got out of school for spring break. I let the paper sit on my tongue for about 30 minutes and then I chewed it up and swallowed it. It was around 8:30 pm and I kept looking in the mirror to see if my eyes were dilated, they weren't. I kept waiting as I layed in my bed. I can't remember whether I was meditating as I waiting for it to kick in or what. 

Eventually it did kick in and the first thing I remember doing is rolling around in my bed, laughing to myself. Then my sister came into my room, apparently I disturbed her by rolling around too much in my bed or something. To my surprise I was able to talk to her normally and I told her I was sorry and I'd try to keep to keep it down. The reason why I was rolling around so much is because I loved he way the acid made my body feel, silky and elevated, and my head felt just wierd, but I enjoyed every second of it 

The next thing I remember doing is stripping out of my clothes and walking around in my room stark naked. I think I might have been dancing for a few seconds too. After a while I got horny and decided it would be a fantastic idea to jerk off on acid. It took a bit of effort but it was worth it because when I orgasmed I closed my eyes and a explosion of color took life under my eyelids and the orgasm felt sublime. 

After masturbating I laid in my bed, and decided just to let my new found euphoria take over. I was rubbing my hands up and down my body and I just kept drooling, I let it roll down my face and down my neck. I let my mind wander as I laid on my bed, It felt like I was floating but not at the same time. After a while I decided to get out of bed to use the restroom, before doing so I decided to put my clothes back on incase someone saw me. I took a piss and it felt strange peeing on acid, I felt it run through my entire system before leaving my body. After that, I just sat on the toilet seat and noticed my skin looked very stange, my veins looked like snakes slithering underneath my skin. As I left the bathroom, my mom was standing outside the door asking me if I was alright, I said I just had to use the bathroom really bad and she believed me.

Around 1 or 2 am I picked up my D.S. and started to play New Super Mario Bros. Quite frankly I was disappointed that it didn't look trippier on acid. And after that I decided to go to sleep. The next morning I felt the effects had completely gone away. However I look back on this experience as a positive one and I would do it again.