LSD Parklife

This experience happened to me about a year ago, March of 2017. I was young and stupid, and I had been experimenting with lots of different drugs at the time. This was the third time I had ever consumed LSD, and very stupidly so I did it in a park in broad daylight. 

I had managed to pick up about two 100ug tabs off of a very nice dealer that I used to know (he's dropped out of the business unfortunately), and I intended to drop them in the middle of a park, ride it out and go home later that night. My reasoning for doing this at a park was because I couldn't really afford to drop it with my parents in the house (again). I still to this day have no idea why I couldn't have just waited for a better set and setting, and do it with a friend that I trust. I have ADHD, so my naturally impulsive behaviour may play a role in my quite frankly stupid decision making at the time.

So I popped the two tabs under my tongue, did the usual 'if it's bitter it's a spitter' routine. No taste, seemed to check out fine. I managed to find a nice quiet spot in the middle of a park to relax, and just have a good time. I waited in anticipation for the acid to kick in (Roughly 40-45 minutes for me). It was a really sunny day, the birds were singing their songs and I generally just felt quite pleasant. 

Effects (The Interesting Part): 
So the first thing I noticed was that the clouds in the sky started to morph, and I managed to interpret some cartoonish faces. After the LSD had entered my system the effects were quite acute and sudden in terms of onset. I managed to sit up and observe my surroundings in the park. The ground seemed to move in waves like an ocean, with the grass changing into a multitude of different colours and patterns. It was like I was in an ocean of pure bliss. The sky and ground seemed to move as one, sort of like a conjoined entity. I saw a couple walking in the distance, and felt like I could connect to them both emotionally and experience the love that they have for each other. Now at this point, I realised what I had gotten myself into. This was getting pretty intense for me, due to the fact that my sense of reality had already started to distort. I managed to find a tree nearby, and sort of telepathically connected to it. Asking it for guidance without words (in a way). Now, this tree seemed to tell me that I needed to go home and sit this out in my bedroom (Which to be honest seemed to be quite a sensible idea, tripping balls in a public space like that could have gotten me in serious danger). Rather than make me panic, I managed to retain myself and wandered to the entrance of the park. At this point everything was warping around me and it's probably a miracle that I managed to make it home unscathed. The concrete below me was 'breathing', and I sort of felt interconnected with everything. I stumbled onto a bus and hitched a ride home. 

I instantly ran into my room as soon as I got home, stripped myself down naked and just completely lost control of my body. I collapsed into my bed, and proceeded to melt into my bedroom. I felt this sort of spiritual energy flowing through my room and me (almost a bit like the force in star wars), and essentially let go of my consciousness and let it fly away from my body on this 'wave', like an ocean current. I had some sort of higher being connect to me telepathically again, but this time it seemed to tell me the language of the universe. It made me see and understand how the world works, and that all of my worries and regrets were complete bullshit. It taught me that the world and all of the crap that comes with it is merely a social construct. When it comes down to primal instincts, none of it matters. It transported me through a galaxy of wordless philosophies. Things like this are only explainable when one actually takes the substance. 

Towards the end of my trip, my mother walked into my room to find me without anything on, tripping balls and seemingly unconscious. She called my father and a paramedic, fortunately I was coming out of my journey at this time. When I came to my senses, I had never felt more ashamed of myself, at how stupid I was. How could I disappoint my mother like that? Nevertheless, it wasn't a bad trip at all. It's just the disappointment I experienced afterwards.