Shroom Trip 2

Dosage: 3.5 g Psilocybe cubensis Amazonian mushrooms; 2 bowls weed  
Environment: Alone in my childhood home
Mindset: Time to relax
Overall experience: Positive
Total duration: 8 hours
Demographic: White; Male; 20; 135 lbs; Full-time student and part-time worker; Spring of 2018

I did not test these compounds before ingesting.

Trip: I ingested 1.5 g of the mushrooms at 12h39. Within twenty minutes, my stomach started to feel heavy. Ten more minutes and I started to feel loose. Time was becoming distorted. 

At 13h40, I felt tired but not enough to fall asleep. I took a bath for about fifteen minutes. My closed eye visuals were intensifying with each minute. My body is beginning to feel hot and clammy. When I got out of my bath, I started to watch My Neighbor Totoro. To my surprise, I had a great deal of mental clarity. While my opened eye visuals were not too intense, all my colors we richer. When the credits were rolling, I smoked a bowl and then went for a drive. 

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

Driving on any kind of drug is not recommended. However, I could not sit still any longer; I had to explore. The road I decided to take was a curvy, mountainous one. It felt as if I was on a rollercoaster. The only reason why I decided to drive was because I still had mental clarity and the only visuals I had were closed eye visuals. As I was driving around, I smoked my second bowl. Before I went home, I stopped at the grocery store to pick up supplies for my dinner. One of my friends was my cashier. She was surprised to see me out while on shrooms. 

When I got home, I started to make my dinner immediately. I was making pasta with garlic bread and a fruit bowl for desert. I didn't eat too much of it. By this time it was 16h30. I started to feel normal again. This prompted me to take more shrooms. This time, I took 2 g. Similar to above, I started to watch a movie. Instead of it being My Neighbor Totoro, it was Howl's Moving Castle. For some reason, near the end of the movie, I just started to cry. I could not stop the crying for three hours. I sat on my couch, alone, in the dark for three hours crying. The closed eye visuals continued to intensify to an overwhelming extent. I forced myself to sleep. When I woke up, I felt normal again.

Overall, while my trip was emotional strenuous, I had a positive experience.