##EROWID_NOTE:IMPURE_MDMA##

I was at the beach with my boyfriend (I will call him Sam) and we were staying for a week at a small beach condo with a balcony that over looked the ocean. We planned on fixing our relationship with MDMA since it has been rocky. The last time we took it a year or so back it helped us open up to each other and talk clearly without our built up resentment getting in the way. 

We are pretty cautious people and Sam has some heart problems so we took half a pill each to start us off. The pills were gummy bear shaped and looked like tie dye colors. They were really hard to cut in half so they were really broken up and powdered when we took them. We went into bed in the dark cuddling under the covers. Within under 15 minutes I could feel this intensity creeping in. It was a feeling in my chest of fear and uncertainty. We tried calming each other down I really try to respect the drug and clear my mind as much as I can before and after I take it. 

When the MDMA started hitting us I was able to communicate so clearly with Sam about all the relationship problems we have been having. I was finally able to talk about traumatic events in my life that I wasn't able to communicate before. I was weeping and it was like this flood of built up emotions poured out about this man that I lived with and was unsure if he raped me or not because he would drug me with Ambien when I was a child. We talked about both our problems how we could help each other work on them and apologized for all the awful things we had done to each other in the past.

We took the other half of the pill. 

While we were inside there were not many visuals just a few visuals of things creeping around while the lights were off. It was really hard to tell if some of them were real or not. When we went out to the balcony is when it really got weird. We were looking over into the ocean where the land meets the sea and there were sea monsters all over in the water close to land. The sea monsters looked like the sea monsters that were on medieval maps of the ocean. They seemed to be traveling along the shore as if it was a parade. The water was flowing in unnatural ways and there were spouts of water traveling in spirals into the air. I told Sam I felt like we were looking at the land between the living and dead. There were also horses playing in the water galloping into the waves and people walking along the shore. I saw a man with a head of long hair and a long beard with a carriage and horses and pointed him out to Sam. At the time I thought he was Santa clause and exclaimed to Sam "Is that Santa Clause?". Sam saw him as well and we watched him travel along the parade with his horses and carriage. We were just in awe of the parade and sat in silence for a long time watching it. 

I asked him if he wanted to go down to the ocean and join the parade and he said yes but he got really tired by the time we were dressed and didn't want to go anymore. I really regret not joining the parade but at the same time if it was the world of the living and dead maybe it's better we did not go. 

The next day we talked about what we saw and he said that he thinks it was Poseidon. We looked up Poseidon and found out he was the god of the ocean and Horses which is exactly what he was surrounded by. Prior to this trip neither of us held any interest to the Greek gods but after seeing Poseidon and his horses we both do. 

I do not usually experience the usual after effects that Sam has like a headache and being super irritable but I did bite a good chunk of the inside of my lip off which looked pretty gross. This was the first night of the week at the beach that we took MDMA after a few nights of taking it in a row I was plunged into a moderately bad depression. I really do not advise doing this multiple times a week It really depleted my serotonin levels for a while after. I came away from this trip with a closer relationship with my boyfriend and a new understanding of the ocean as the land between the living and dead.