Hello guys I just thought I would share the best trip of my life that happened the other day

I ended up getting a Vial of LSD from a friend of mine containing a few drops of L. I ended up using the drops of course and was left with an empty Vial. This was some very strong acid and when I did it before 2 drops on a sour patch kid send me to another dimension. Little did I know what I was in for with this rinse.

12:00 p.m. dosed 4 mg of Klonopin and went to my friends. 

12:45 p.m start feeling the effects of the klonopin, my body is feeling loose and relaxed this is when I decide to light up a joint. 

1:00 arrive at my friends hung out with him and his family and smoked a few bowls before I had to leave. This is when I was feeling great.

2:00 p.m. arrive back at home and begin contemplating on enjoying a trip but did not want  to waste the acid due to the klonopin.

3:00 p.m. I finally decide to trip, but how? I have tabs and the coal but I decided to use the vial to see if a rinse is as strong as everyone says. I begin to pour a small amount of bottled water into the vial. I begin to squeeze it on the cap repeatedly and shaking it as hard as possible . I decide to put enough water in it for 2 doses and that was a great idea for me because if I did it all I would have lost it. I began to put half the liquid in my mouth and swallow. 

3:30 rolled a joint to smoke before the trip began, but I'm too late. I was already tripping hard. I begin to smoke and the acid is heavy. I start to become paranoid because I have never felt a come up this strong.

4:30 begin to peak hard. Tracers are everywhere. No matter what I look at it is morphing and tracing into multiple objects. And the colors wow was this a colorful trip. I was feeling so amazed by this drug. I feel like the acid is massaging my body, I feel so comfortable. I texted my friend and wanted to go hangout with him since I was tripping hard all by myself. The road looked like a cartoon. The trees were swaying everywhere and since it was a rainy day the rain literally was red, green, purple, and pink.

5:00 arrive at my friend's safely. We began to play games and he decided Cuphead would be perfect for me and boy was he right. The cartoon game was full of colors and tracers. he took a glance at my eyes and there was no color. I looked in the mirror and seen myself but it looked like my whole face was covered in eyes, weird. We wanted to smoke but I left the weed in my car so I went to get it. It must've took me 20 mins to find it even though I knew where it was. My mind was everywhere. It was dark outside and the rugs to my car seemed like arms reaching for me. This was scary but then I finally found it and went in to smoke. We smoked some bong packs and it was blast off time again. I stayed at his place watching Rick and Morty and playing Cuphead it was fun but it was midnight now so I had to leave. I was coming down slowly now but the dark seemed to have light. The rain was still colorful even in the dark. I make it home and decide to watch some music videos.i began to feel tired around 3 a.m. and I had to work at 7 a.m. so I decided to lay down. I close my eyes and wow I see so many things. The closed eyes visuals lead me to a dream like state and I finally fall asleep.

I feel as if I got the full effects from the drug and saw the world in another way. I have tripped many times but this was the best. Please be safe and I hope this was a good description but it's hard for me to remember the details.