LSD Changed My Life 

My first time taking LSD doses was a magical experience I feel the whole world should be able to experience.

First off, I have to describe my background and where I am in life so you all understand the context of my report. Since I graduated high school, I served in the air force for nearly a decade so by the time I was 27, I never have smoked weed, or have done any hard substances that could give me such a psychedelic effect. 

My friend, whose in a band I became close with is a major hippy and loves LSD, so naturally he describes its effects and what its like, and convinces me I should try it. Long story short, I meet up with some of his friends or (the clan) in the woods, in the middle of nowhere and we dose out in the piece of land. 

What I am about to describe is the point in time I took the LSD, and the point in time I slept the next day. The first 45 minutes I did not feel any effects, which I attributed to the fact that I regularly take ambien. So I took the other dose. 10 minutes after taking the other dose was when I noticed my mouth becoming really tingly, and metallic tasting. I started thinking to myself, wow something's going on here, it must be kicking in finally. Members of the clan I was with, were asking me if I'm feeling it yet, and at this point I did not know. 

About 20 minutes later we were sitting around the bonfire, and that is when I felt a rush of a vibration sensation encompass my whole body, and I just felt like I had to get out of my chair, and dance to the music that was playing. I danced, and danced, and danced. Mostly using forms of my Katas I'm using in the style of the martial arts I'm training. The strange thing was, is I was even doing advanced katas that I saw based on viewing the advanced students while listening to everything from techno- ting tings. 

After that rush of energy passed, and I started pondering life, I noticed my astigmatism became clear HD hypervision, and the shadows of the forest trees against the night sky became very prominent in my parameters of view. I watched as the shadows of the treelines started shaping and morphing into giant digimon pocketmonsters most notably in the shape of Agumon, and I was enchanted with the shadows for nearly half an hour. Not only did my visual senses heightened, my sense of smell Hyper heightened, and I was able to smell the beach, which was about 20-25 mls away. My skin is covered in colorful tattoos, and I noticed as I was looking into the darkness my tattoos were coming to life. The stories they're depicting were actually being acted out, and I imagined that they were doing this because the inspiration I have for my designs came from dreams I had, and I was reliving these dreams in this moment of clarity. I was seeing faces in the trees that were surrounding us, and they were smiling, like they were glad to be a part of our experience. I know that basically is pareidolia, but it was a heightened sense of clarity that I was experiencing. At one point, I literally was holding a conversation with the tree about where life came from, what his view points were on existence and what I should do moving on from here, and the biggest thing the tree told me, was that I needed to write all this down, and share the world with what I just experienced. After the tree experience, I got so disoriented, I did not realize I walked as far as I did from base camp, and I realized I couldn't discern what was west, north, east, or south. Also I did not wear my watch so I did not know what time it was and I had not known how many minutes passed since I dosed and started feeling it. 

By the end of that sequence of events, and finding my friends again who were all huddled around the fire. We all were pondering over what I experienced with the trees because they figured there was an important message that was being broadcast through me. We spent the next hour talking about that message, and the direct message was if we don't fuck w/ nature, nature won't fuck with us. Plain and simple. 

When the party died out I was still high. I ended up going to my sleeping bag which was on the ground, and I said out loud, I recognize I am in your space, but I am asking you if I can occupy it for a little while longer so I had no issues with bugs, or spiders or any creepy things that might be lurking around the woods with us. For me, though, there were some noises hovering around me of footsteps and whispers in the wind that were not threatening by any means. As matter of fact, those whispers really let me fall asleep for a few hours. 

When I woke up, I knew I was still high but this time I was day high, and this was where I was seeing the red filter that I hear about so much in culture. My fingers were leaving trails. The most fun part of the whole experience was, there was a point when I was imitating Bach by directing a choir of nature calls from different birds and squirrels and other animals. I felt like I was in sync with nature, and it to me sounded like a masterpiece. 

After those shenanigans, I decided it was time to pack it up and head home so we cleaned up everything around the site, and I went back to my house, laid in bed, still coming down from the climax of the night. I was in my own bed, still hearing those footsteps I heard out in the woods. Again it wasn't threatening, It was a very happy moment, like these beings or whatever that were watching us party that night, they were really happy to have met, and crossed paths in life.