##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

It all started with me not having done psychedelics in awhile and wanting to do them again. I missed the feeling of reality and wanted to feel it again. I was at work and my co-worker told me about having done shrooms recently and had got them from a guy who I know to get weed from. I bought a whole quarter (7 grams dried) which ended up to be 7.3g total and I planned on doing it on the weekend.  At work today though I had someone crash into my parked car and so I went home and made a claim for it and thought it was early in the day so I thought to myself. What time other than now is a good time to do these shrooms.

I ate them at 1:15pm and started watching the office on netflix and right away had the feeling of uh oh and that reality was about to hit me at full swing. At about 1:45 I started to feel the effects full tilt and started getting the full body feeling of panic that wasn't like anything else I have ever experienced before and at about 2 I was blacked out with intense visuals laying on my bed and for the next 4 hours I was stuck helpless on my bed and it made me really have the feeling of all our efforts, like all the effort I can possibly ever put into anything is useless without any creative input. I can waste my life working hard which is fine, I will turn out to be respected equally as my high school janitor. But if I wanna help issues I need to find out exactly why problems happen and how to solve them at the source, which isn't easy and that is the point but analyze what is happening around me and find out what effects it big or small and really think about it to myself and say "what idiot is too small to realize that solving your problem is so easy" and fix it myself. Then I will find personal success that comes along with it. A janitor does this job well but expand on it and I am sure nothing less than success will be right there for me. It was very intense and didn't end until 5:45 when I awoke and felt destroyed inside and out but with some type of weird accomplishment.