I started smoking a lot of hash this year in college. I love the high it gives me. I went home for summer break and decided to eat the hash instead since the smoke leaves a smell to it and I didnt want my parents to know. Anyway, after numerous google searches on edibles I found a way to make one - in a mug. Its so quick and easy; 1 tsp of white flour, 1 and a half tsp of cocoa powder, 1 tsp sugar, mix that with a bit of milk to form a thick batter, add 1 tsp of vanilla essence to suppress the hash taste, take 1 tsp of oil, put some hash in it, don't need a lot, just the size of a pea, heat that until the hash melts in the oil completely. Mix it all together. Microwave for 1 min and a half - and voila.

The brownie tastes like a fudge chocolate one, but in a hour I know it's much more than that.

After an hour the effects started to occur, now I've eaten this brownie a nice 10 times by now and I say this with experience, I trip can get really bad if I dont have control over my mind. The music seems louder and intense, vision gets blurry, I hear everything loudly, all my senses are super alert, perfume seems to sting my nose, the cold wind just really hits me hard. Often there are times when I get super paranoid and anxious. I always felt as if my dad is going to find my stash or something bad is going to happen, that shit just makes everything awful but with time I have gained the ability to control my mind, I just gotta tell myself over and over again that everything will be fine. I watched perks of being a wallflower in that state and it was fucking wonderful. I do get hungry, so I make sure to keep snacks.

I try not to engage in conversation with anyone I dont want to tell that I'm stoned because my eyes get red, I look baked physically and I cannot really form a proper sentence. I once ate a brownie at work and my boss called me, it was embarrassing as I couldnt really respond properly...

Anyway, the trip lasts for more than 6 hours, and even the next day I'm not fully sober. Everything seems funny and happiness seems eternal in this trip.

Another negative aspect would be that my mind starts getting so many thoughts at once, it's crazy, I just have to keep our calm, because I control my mind, I even can get myself to orgasm when I really start thinking about it. Best. Orgasms. Ever. Period. 
If I'm just are able to control the paranoia everything goes perfect.