It was a normal Monday morning when I woke up. I didn't have school because it was a holiday (presidents day or something, I don't remember). I was going to eat mushrooms with two of my friends. Although I have tripped three or four times previously on mushrooms, I was still anticipating the day. Between us, we had a 1/2 ounce of very good dried cubensis (from Eugene, I believe). My friends came over to my house at about 10am, and we split up the shrooms. We didnt not eat the whole 1/2 between us, but split up individual amounts on the scale. I ate 3.3g, my friend (who was also experienced tripper) ate 3 grams, and my other friend was doing it for the first time, so he only ate 2.2grams.

We were prepared to journey into the world of mushrooms. We each had bottle water with us, so we wouldn't risk getting dehydrated. About 25-30 minutes after ingestion of the mushrooms, I laid down on the couch and started laughing, not hysterically loud, but just kinda laughing to myself. I knew this was the first feeling of the psilocybe taking over. It almost felt like we just smoked a bowl, but we didnt (kind of weird to explain).

About 45 minutes after ingestion things started getting stranger. We decided to go outside and take a walk. By this time the affects were definitely kicking in. I remember leaving the house and turning onto a street, and it seemed as if I could see everything. My words were slightly slurred and I had difficulty saying anything half way meaningful. The three of us randomly continued walking, taking turns here and there, not really paying attention to where we were going and why.

Eventually, we arrived at a Park about ten minutes from my house. This was probably close to an hour after ingestion. This is when I lost it. We all sat down, and I gazed at the beauty of mother nature. Every single blade of grass was visible, the trees gently looming over us, the clouds moving in a strange way. There was a small play area for kids in the park with swings, slides, and poles (no one was there though). I was amazed by the colors. I couldn't get over it. I just kept saying 'why cant we stay here forever.' After that I dont really remember what happened in the park, except for sitting there for at least an hour (which seemed like forever), smoking cigarettes and a couple bowls. It took us about twenty minutes to smoke a bowl. We took out a bud and just stared at the thc slowly moving in and out of the rich crystally green nug. When we arrived back home, I started to peak. Everything was imensely bright. I can remember seeing different shades of purples and blues in places that they should not have been, and patterns on walls/furniture would move,kinda of breathe, almost tingle and melt together. My friends decided it would be fun to watch a movie, and I decided I wasn't up to that. But I didn't mind them. I went upstairs, and after looking around for a while, I decided to take a shower.

I cannot use words to describe what it was like.

The water was the strangest thing ever, though it felt incredibly nice. The liquid soap felt incredibly weird when I rubbed it between my fingers. The steam seemed unusually thick and floated in a strange sense. I cant express my thoughts enough to describe how ridiculous my journey into the other universe of mushrooms was. I just stood there in the shower, not doing anything, for probably a good 45 minutes (though it seemed like 2 hours). I stepped out and the steam in the bathroom was hovering in a thin layer. I slowly swept my hand through it. Doing this caused the steam to make spirals and slowly move away. I noticed intense tracers when moving my hand. I looked in the mirror and saw that my pupils were extremely huge, which is normal on psychedelics, but it still tripped me out (by the way, mirrors can be very strange when shrooming).

After that I cant recall what I did all day. Basically, the three of us chilled, listened to music, smoked some pot, and took another walk. Then I finally came down after about 8 hours and drank some tea and just chilled. This was by far the best experience I have had with mushrooms. I'm sorry if this report is long or boring, but it is kind of hard to explain what happens when I'm in my own world of shrooms.