For a while, me and my best friend have been growin our own shrooms. It is december but still we wanted to trip. We took the day off and turned our fones off. We measured out 2 grammes each and went to a local botanical garden. 

We began early, it felt like a special occasion. We gulped down the shrooms with some snapple then sat on a bench by a lake, surrounded by geese. We have liftoff. 

The tingling began in my fingers, then an emptiness arose in my stomach. The grass began to breathe and the water developed fuzzy patterns. We werent in kansas no more. We got up and kept moving.

Soon the colour was very intense. We were stumbling around like two drunk fools and to be honest, I was getting a bit scared. I was trying to control the trip which is a huge mistake. Somehow we ended up at a kind of chinese temple garden. There was an expanse of white gravel which we stared into. It hummed with nothingness and gave me a similar feeling to when I'm looking at fire or into the ocean. It was nothingness though, and it hummed. We stared and vibrated silently with it- were at one with it. From this point on the trip became revelatory.

Next thing I knew I had tracers: when I moved my hand around it left visual trails. It was fun and we were jumping around waving our hands around like fools shouting out 'I'm so fucked' it was about then I noticed that a very real policeman was following us very closely from behind. 

I could have panicked but my friend calmed me. We stopped to look at a tree, remarking how beautiful the foliage was and how delightful it would be to sketch. Thinking us to be a couple of young crazy artists and not the druggy lunatics we are, he passed by. 

Soon a new phase of the trip began. We could actually talk again and the most amazing realisation came to us. The main points were that people are sad and unhappy because they are so caught up in their petty problems and trying to outdo everyone else. The point to life is to give, unconditionally, and increase the overall good. One never has to be afraid, ever, because death is all around us and it's not bad or evil. If one thinks of oneself as ships on a vast ocean. The ocean is universal energy and life. When we die all that occurs is that the ship fills with the water, the universal life, and we are absorbed into it. In dying we are transferred into the universal sea of energy. This one realisation has removed my fear of death almost entirely. 

Take faith in the goodness of people, go create things, give to others altruistically and dont get caught up in the silly details of existence. Fashion and bank statements just do not matter. Shrooms have given me a glimpse into that vast, pulsing energy that we are all a part of. We are all just vessels, channeling it. I'm so glad for this realisation. 

Peace, love and understanding. (it may sound trite but *think* about it) and if ur stuck in a hi-paying , soul destroying job...quit! Go and paint a picture or sing a song! Make something from your heart. Go on, give in to the love. You know you want to. :)