Strong Bridgesii Trip

Took two cuttings of bridgesii cactus (a fat 13 inch cutting and a skinny 9 inch cutting, both very glaucous and aged a few weeks) and brewed them into 12 ounces of tea. Brewed the tea for a long time to get all of the alkaloids. 

Drank the tea at about 5:30m. It took about 10 minutes. Was extremely bitter. Chased each gulp by sucking on a wedge of lemon.

Afterwards hiked out to a secluded spot in the desert with nice views. Arrived there at about 7:00am. The cactus really started to kick in at that point. Felt very heavy and cold. Shivered uncontrollably. Big spasms and contractions in my muscles, especially in my legs.

Spent several hours dazed and shivering, lying down on the ground. Threw up a few times. Went in and out of awareness.  Vision was blurred. No longer used words internally during this time. It was a strong trip and hard to remember exactly what I was thinking at that time.

Stayed in a strong state of tripping into the early afternoon. My stomach felt wrecked. My vision slowly began to improve over time. I could see very very far with incredible detail.  Everything was incredibly colorful, bright, vivid and detailed. Patterns and swirling.  I could close my eyes and continue to see everything in front of me as though my eyes were still open.

My muscles ached from all the shivering.  By about 3:30pm I was still tripping hard, but realized that I was running out of water and had to hike back. A bee stung me on the hand as I was packing my backpack up.  I hiked home with incredible energy and lightness of foot. It felt like I could easily skip across the rocky desert mountainside.

Once back home the at 5pm the psychedelic effects were still present but no longer intense.  My muscles were beginning to relax and felt completely spent.  For the remainder of the day, well into the night, I continued to experience a low level trip that transitioned into a pleasant glow for a couple more days.

Bridgesii is STRONG. It powerfully affected my mind and body.

The trip left me with a great appreciation for life and my family. An injury to my knee experienced considerable improvement, perhaps from all the tremors and muscle contractions?  This trip was strong and challenging, but invigorating at the same time. I have a lot of respect for how powerful this cactus is.