Starts of by taking it at 17:45, or T: 0:00, in a pleasant cemetery with a zen like pond where me and my friend dissolve the tabs. The city had this light drizzle in the air which made everything look a little bit hazy in a cozy way. We were going to trip at my friend's friend's apartment while he was out for the night. It was only the living room we were going to spend our time, on the couch with a TV and premade youtube lists of videos.  Both us had never done anything beyond weak LSA trips before, but were eager to do something real. We were excited and in a happy mood.

T: 0:45 The lacquered floor started flowing and showing faces, the body's sensory was starting to change. Limbs were short and tall. We had put on some experimental jazz which sounded fun as well as weird, tooting trumpets and awkward rhythms from what I'm usually accustomed to.

T: 1:20 Visuals were wildly flowing from the TV in to the objects around, like the cupboard which the TV stood on. Trails were moving almost inhaled between the cabinets edges. Real nice. We had become real happy and laughed at many things, mainly that we were actually tripping.

T: 2:30-4:30 (This part is the most clouded and unique.) I had entered another realm in which the room was detached from reality, like space was just outside the window, only that the deadly vacuum here was a fear of being spotted by neighbours. The room mainly consisted of four straight corners, like a painting with wet colors flowing everywhere and black space behind. Apart from the visual senses the others, like touch primarily, began to be delayed after the visuals. I wanted to listen to my lists I had merrily put together but was unable to think properly to even find the jacket. But when I finally managed to connect the phone and headphones, a strange fear of isolating myself from my friend appeared, because we were tripping so dangerously hard now. I could sense a fear sometimes when my friend started to almost shake with sickly eyes at me, so I tried to calm myself down to keep us from panicking. Like a some sort of M.A.D. situation. Things were starting to loop and then nothing.

T: 5:00 I entered my body and remembered absolutely nothing, I was almost assured that we were aliens as I tried to ask my friend if we were. He did not understand jack shit. It was like entering a skin, a costume for work, totally artificial. 

T: 6:00 Slowly concepts like knowledge, language came back. Somewhat visualized like bars from a RPG with more and more information coming back. I began to associate things like Plato and Aristoteles with MBTI  personalities, among other lesser known things as of now. Reality was like a puzzle I had only vague concepts of things I should avoid to do and do. Family members, school and life in general (how you were a real human bean) were pulsating back and forth into consciousness. At multiple times I tried to question my friend if we were tripping, what we should do, but even if he answered something almost coherent I forgot fast again. I was beginning to think we were stuck in a loop in this particular room, and outside was danger. Remembering the concepts of Philip K. Dick's paranoid fiction it felt like we had come into a similar place (Ubik!). 

T: 6:30 We had to get to our bus, as we both could not stay over and we lived in another town. But I had absolutely no clue what to do, I was unable to pack or even grasp that we had to go soon as it among most things looped around. It became frustrating, no getting what to do, thankfully we did not panic only worried slightly. Time went and we forgot it behind. My friend was most upset of us at this situation. We decided to pack and go to another place that was safe but we still could not stay there for too long. While packing I constantly missed to, pack, but after a while we were both ready and left off. The night was pleasant, few people but plenty of cars. Streetlamps glowed in an atmospheric yellow halo. Eventually we got to the place and I started to actually understand what it meant to be human again and what we were doing. Visuals were still strong, like when one looked on the floor carpet that seemed to wave and carry my friend, who lay prone on the floor, away like millions of ants.

T: 7:00 The bus was soon going and we had a good amount of time to get to the station, but we could not chance as our time perception was real bad. Strolling down the streets we understood that people were partying and drinking on the streets with loud music coming from some small concert. Neither of us had ever seen this night life before, I was impressed. But the closer we got to the station, the more people we met who were drunk. Some tried to talk with us but we could barely say anything. As we got to the station and walked up to the buses we saw that it was filled with security guards and I motioned my body to walk casually away from them. It seemed to me that they were going to ID-check me and look into my eyes with flashlights, so my heart rate began raising. Luckily we got away, but we argued a bit on how to proceed because we had to get home tonight but we could not get near the only bus going home. Shit seemed to be real fucked. I did not want to get charged with this something like this while tripping now, for the first time. Paranoia started coming. I recalled that there was a stop a bit away so that we could escape the guards safely, and so we did. The bus was filled with drunks playing music loudly. Driving home I felt real sick and the visual were still strong and made the surroundings surreal. The way we drove on looked like the sea and we that we were on ship, going up and down on the asphalt waves.

T: 8:00 Finally home I wanted to sleep. The bed felt prolonged, like every move I did extended a bit more. Like stretching out a leg it went out longer than usual. With closed eyes I tried to sleep but visuals, the visuals! Several times I wanted to just wake my parents and tell them what I had done and to take me to the hospital, but something deep within said that if I only bruted my way through a couple of hours then it would be all over. Some one or two hours later I was sleeping.

The morning after I met my friend to discuss what we had just done. Both of us thought it was way too much for a first time and without a trip sitter who was sober or experienced, especially the duration was something neither of us had believed to keep on for so long. I thought it only would be active for 4-5 hours, of course was I wrong this time. 

It was definitely something I would like to do again, but with a bit more control and a safer place so that we did not have to worry about someone coming.