DMT, Gravity Bong, Odin with Ravens

I have been studying this drug for a solid year before trying, and I finally received it from the deep web. The moment I've been waiting for finally arrived, anxiety was skyrocketing as I stared at the Deep Purple CD case where they stuffed it into. Nervousness was striking and here I was trying to figure out how to smoke it efficiently without tasting the god awfulness and doing it quickly.

So decided to rig a set, decided to do a gravity bong, figuring instead of tasting and hitting it three times and reminding myself in the other dimension to hit again, was to go balls to the walls with it, shoot straight through with high amounts. My palms were sweating like I was back in Afghanistan this was that nerve racking.

After rigging it, my friend came over and I told him to watch over me just in case (didn't know what to expect physically), and then played Shpongle - around the world in a tea daze, very trippy and exact length of trip. This experience was so strong I had slight HPPD and slight trauma it was that crazy. I was shaking a bit, and then said F it, lets do this, used the lighter slightly over the DMT, didn't want to burn it, so as I lifted the plastic 2L bottle, I waited, and then removed the foil and hit it. 

I remember thinking right before, that "hey theres a tunnel, theres these noises I'll hear, theres this and that." Nope, reality just completely shattered instantly, like changing a channel instantly, this giant entity with a pure energy face, blue, purple, orange, greeted me with a giant smile, as if it was familiar. I was like each reaction was a shift in time with him (it), and phases shifted as I would try and focus at what I'm seeing, it was so immense I was very scared, and also blissed.

The bright orange woman who was my ancestor told me to relax and coddled me like I was a baby again, the most pure love I've ever felt in any form of multi-dimensional existence; I had a purpose to go here, and that was to discover who and what everything is, this yearning my whole life to understand that life has to have some deep meaning that I will unveil. 

It was such a strong experience many of if was just too much for me to remember, but my friend recorded me (was atheist at the time) and I was praying with my hands together for 80% of the trip, I had no clue I was.

My ancestors with long beards, metal pointed helmets, spoke to me, some telekinetic language I didn't understand here and now, but at the time I did. Things were shifting so fast it was impossible to maintain any type of one visual. I looked down and saw billions of eyes shaping a 3 dimensional form of my legs, everything was masked over with this other dimension trying to reform a sub-layer of my reality. I look over to my left and my friend was recording me. The dimension created a 3d form of him, using trillions of tiny geometrically perfect diamond bugs to reshape into him, he smiled and everything blew open like a casket of existence into another. Pure light.

Last thing that happened was a darkness over seeing, purple hue. This man came to me, one eye missing on a side shape view, perfect symmetry with the 4 ravens in perfect symmetry, beard constantly shaping and misshaping into something else in color and direction, communicating to me, saying I was his son, and I had a mission to accomplish, that is why I sought purpose joining the Marines, was to travel to unknown parts and fight, and how to deal with it, is your faith in me, Odin. (A lot more intriguing than that, but that's what I remember in cave man talk.)

The most insane part of all this nonsense, was that I had no fn clue what any of this meant. I didn't seek any of ancestry from this on purpose, but just felt like it 2 years later. I didn't know anything about my ancestry or history of family, besides myself immigrated to the US when I was a child from the UK. Turns out I was 68% Norwegian/Danish, I'm not making a single part of this up. To this day, I'm now convinced I saw a version of god that I believe in now.

Long story, but I believe that I met my goal in life and have new purpose, I will never do it again.