Prior to this experience I had tried a few different drugs. I had tried LSD, PCP, methamphetamine, ketamine, magic mushrooms, 2C-E, and 2C-B. I had never gotten around to trying cannabis for whatever reason. Even though I lived in California and could buy it from any number of people or places I wanted to wait until it was fully legal. No real reason for what I wanted to wait other than that.

About a month after recreational cannabis laws went into effect, I stopped by a dispensary and purchased a small container of mints that had 2.5mg of cannabis in each mint. I wanted my first time to be an edible, and I also wanted a very small dose. Most of the other edibles we're above 50mg and I didn't really feel like saving 9/10ths of a cookie for later consumption. I waited about another week or so before I ate the mints. Wanted to do it on Sunday since I had nothing to do beforehand or after it.

On Sunday I took two mints and just sucked on then in my mouth for a few minutes. They tasted pretty good, more candyish than mint. There was also a slight flavor of cannabis in it. You know how you can have some food in your mouth and sort of smell it? That sort of thing. I learned later on that I can't really eat edibles unless the taste of cannabis is masked. It ends up making me gag if it's not masked. I lucked out with my choice of mints I suppose. I ended up choosing 5mg as that was the recommended first time dosage from different sources online. I also read that it takes a while to kick in so I only ate a sandwich and some milk for dinner to help it go faster.

I was playing video games while I waited for it to effect me. I ended up playing like three hours before I realized something. For me, cannabis edibles don't really have a "moment" when I notice something is off. With LSD I always feel it in my teeth first. Like I'm more aware of them or whatever. With methamphetamine I feel a sort of "clarity" at first if I use it orally before any real stimulation occurs. With cannabis edibles I didn't really feel anything indicating it was working, and even now a few months later I still don't really get any indication that it's working on me. 

After I realized I was actually high I lost all attention for the game and just turned it off and went to lay down on the bed. I felt extremely relaxed in terms of my body. Stretching felt really pleasurable to me, and I could pop certain joints that I normally can't. Overall it just felt nice. Mentally I didn't really have any altered way of thinking. I felt I could focus on a task and get it done. However I did have a wonderful effect my first time that I have never gotten back any subsequent time I used cannabis. I heard music if I was quiet and lying down. Not like an outside voice, but almost like if I was thinking about it. Very similar to an effect I sometimes get from LSD. I also had an extremely easy time laughing at funny YouTube videos. I spent about an hour just laughing like an idiot at different videos. Music also sounded pretty nice. Not to the level of psychedelics obviously, but I did particularly enjoy it more.  I never got the munchies at that dose, and my eyes hardly got bloodshot. Though they were sort of glassy still?

I've wondered what it would be like if cannabis was my first drug experience. Can't ever know I suppose.

As first intros go, this was a genuinely nice experience to have. Nothing negative about it for me. Never felt like I was in too deep or anything like that. As nice as it was though, I have since learned that cannabis use was fairly addicting to me. I began using it too much for my liking. I guess because of how easy it is to get it and how I saw it as a drug that is pretty harmless to do, even on back to back days. My period of heavy use didn't last too long thankfully. Only about three months, but I do still regret it as I feel I could have been more productive then. Oh well, you live and learn right?