In this report I'm going to be writing about an acid trip I had this summer that ended with me in the psych ward. Btw this my first time writing some sort of trip report, but I felt that I had to share this, and I'm hoping someone is going to learn from my mistakes and not use such a powerful and heavy drug as irresponsible as I did.

It all started with my mother and my siblings visiting my grandmother (she basically lives on the other side of the country). I had been planning an acid trip for a while and this looked like a pretty good opportunity because I had the apartment all by myself for about a week.

I wouldn't really call myself experienced when it comes to LSD, but I had dropped acid about 4-5 times before, but I never had a bad trip. That was about to change however.

There was nothing wrong with the LSD, I bought it from a guy I trust and I had dropped the same acid before with the same dose.

At around 17:00 two of my friends came to my house, I'm going to call them S and M. It was around that time I dropped my acid (155 mics). My friends had recently bought a relatively large amount of hash, and we decided to bake brownies. I wasn't planning on using any cannabis or any other drug for that matter because I was being drug tested, and I also wanted pure acid trip, I feel like cannabis has a way of ruining a trip.

Around 18:00 we went to the store to buy baking ingredients. About this time I started to feel the acid kicking in, this made me feel a bit paranoid because I felt like I was going to meet my mom's friend or something in that fashion. I started to feel somewhat anxious and stressed which kind of built up during the trip.

When we arrived at my apartment about 30 minutes later my friends started to cut up the hash bar to smaller pieces, and because of my heightened senses, the entire apartment smelled like a fucking dispensary. When we actually got to the baking point I forgot how to use my oven and got really uncomfortable and paranoid.

Sometime later after we finished baking my other friend L came to my house, if I remember things correctly he was unaware that I was tripping but I think he found out eventually, which was very relieving because I felt like he treated me weird at first. After a while we went outside and they smoked a few joints, we were sitting by some thorn bushes and they made me extremely uncomfortable, I felt as if there was a dangerous animal behind me and I could feel its breath in my neck. I also made the terrible mistake of sitting in moss, because it got stuck on my legs and arms and I thought I had hundreds of ticks all over my body, I could also feel my eyes and fingers turning to some sort of mossy sand, however S reassured me that it was just a hallucination. I started to feel these disgusting rotten green tentacles ensnaring my entire body. This was when things started to get really horrifying.

I think my friends noticed me getting uncomfortable so we went inside. I remember that the window was open and I felt the energy of the evil forest. Every time I looked through the window I would feel the tentacles slowly ensnaring me again.

About 22:00 I got a call from my mother, and for some unknown reason I decided to answer, and she noticed something was off with me. I have no memories of the phone call, my short term memory was pretty much nonexistent at this point. I think that my friends left me because they didn't want to get in trouble, I don't blame them though.

The next thing I remember is my dad knocking on the front door, and for some reason, his friend was there too, and he had lots of tattoos which in my brain meant that he was a Nazi. Suddenly I was in my dad's car. I think I started talking to him about Nazism, and I think they were joking with me, but my brain decided that they were threatening me about taking me to a concentration camp.

All of a sudden my dad stopped the car immediately and I almost flew out of my seat, which triggered flashbacks from a car accident I was in when I was younger. He also played a song in the car that made me think my best friend had died. I think I had a memory loss because all of a sudden my dad was driving a tractor and he looked like Adolf Hitler. Then he drove into the psych ward, and all the houses were white red and black, confirming my concentration camp theory.

I was unable to walk out of the car because of an extreme pain in my legs, for some reason I was also bleeding from my head. I think I had to be carried by my dad and a nurse who also was my English teacher except he was Danish (I'm going to call him J). I had another memory loss, and suddenly I was in a room on a bed with my dad and J. I had no idea how I got there or why, so I assumed it was a nightmare, but no matter how hard I tried I couldn't wake up. I was stuck in a horrible nightmare and my only wish was to wake up, but I couldn't.

J took my blood pressure with those bands that go around your arm, and it felt like the life was squeezed out of my arm. I was being tortured by my English teacher. After practically killing my arm he asked me to take a shower, however, when I entered the bathroom there was no shower to be found. I suddenly realized I was about to be gassed to death, J tried to close the door and I started hearing an unpleasant horrendous agonizing sound that I don't think is possible to explain in any human language, imagine hearing the end of your life and everything you love in audio, it sort of reminded me of planes bombing a city with air raid sirens in the background, but way more complex and horrible. I forced myself out of the bathroom in fear of my life. My dad and J were mocking me because I didn't have the guts to die. I tried once again for some reason to enter the gas chamber, once again I heard that horrifying sound of the doors closing. I noticed a mirror, shaking of fright I tried to look in the mirror, I saw a glimpse of a brown suit with a red band around the arm. In my reflection I saw Adolf Hitler. I was certain that my life was about to end, but yet I refused to accept it. Once again I ran out of the bathroom. This time there were more people outside, they were all laughing at me. At this moment I felt nothing but misery and total hopelessness.

I think I repeated that process a few more times. It felt like I deserved it for not having the guts to end my own life, I felt like the world would be a better place without me, I despised myself for having the courage to take my own life to make the world a better place.

I have no idea how I got out of that situation, but I was put in a room. When the door closed I saw a sign saying "you are at the hospital". My entire body was filled with an indescribable amount of relief. Everything slowly started to come back to me, I didn't even have the energy to worry about the consequences, my only worry was how worried my friends had to be, I didn't get the chance to contact them until the day after.

IN CONCLUSION

This is probably the worst experience I've had in my life, and it could have been avoided just by turning off my phone and not going to places that made me uncomfortable.

Even if this was a nightmarish experience, I learned some very important things. I think most of the people that use psychedelics are aware that psychedelics should be treated with respect, and that you shouldn't take them just to see some "pretty colors", but I also think that a bad trip is almost necessary to really understand the astronomical amount of respect that is needed to safely use psychedelics. I also learned that if I have even the SLIGHTEST doubt before dropping acid, I shouldn't do it. 