Before I write my experience I would like to say that I am unsure if the E liquid was THC or some other substance like a synthetic cannaboid but having used the liquid since the high is remarkably similar to a standard Cannabis high.

My experience started in the college smoking area. At this point I had smoked weed around 5-6 times and had only just managed to understand how it effected me and to enjoy it. 

I was with friends smoking my vape waiting for a class in 5 minutes when a person from our course walks up and starts to talk with us. We knew this person frequently had THC in his vape and would come into class mostly stoned. I was told by my friends to try it so as any 16 year old does I agree wholeheartedly. I didn't prepare myself mentally I was in a smoking area filled with not only college students but multiple staff. I then took 5 large drags holding each breath in for 5-10 seconds. 

The onset was almost immediate as I hand back the vape and suddenly I feel the beggining of a high. My legs begin to tingle and I begin to feel like my body and mind was falling downwards. My friends notice immediately and begin to laugh at my discomfort but I held together for the few minutes before class. As we walked up towards class I realised I couldn't go in my eyes were bright red I could barely walk or talk comprehensively so I excuse myself to go to a toilet cubicle and sit down.

The high is getting ever stronger being around +0:05 since taking the substance. As I sit on the toilet I go to grab my bag to get some water but my vision begins to go slowly black around the edges and I remember thinking of the name of the girl I loved before suddenly there was nothing.

Trying to remember what happened was hard but the best description was that I felt nothing but the intense tingles I felt earlier. That was my everything, and a bright ball of millions of colours I couldn't understand or comprehend or even remember now. I forgot who I was what everything was all I was, was the colours and the feeling. It felt like forever in this form when suddenly the edges of the vision I had went yellow and I suddenly felt my body again gagging twice stopping myself somehow before throwing up. I sunk back into my nothingness but I started to understand things again. I had deep thought of what I was and eventually I started to wonder when I would return to life. Suddenly the person in the cubicle next to me flushed and my eyes opened I dropped my bag. I was still intensely high but not unconscious.

I check my phone and that entire experience I thought must have taken at least 15-20 minutes was in fact 2 minutes. I remained in the toilet for the next 20 mins completely stoned listening to music and calming down before leaving for class. I make my excuses and sit down trying not to giggle from my friends laughing at my obvious still high state. 

The comedown felt like it lasted all day. I didn't feel high I felt wrong like something had messed with my head and it wasn't mine anymore. Fortunately the next day I returned to normal.

Since then I have used this thc liquid extensively and look back at this experience as a lesson not to try new substances unless I am at home and in a good mindset.