This trip report is a mix of a difficult and enlightening experience. However, at the time I was extremely emotionally and physically distressed. This report is to help others decide whether or not to take LSD, particularly people who live in the country and are used to being alone. 

My story begins on a late July evening. I had just finished a typical night of smoking some weed with my cousin (known as T) at a friend's house. When the session was over, they had explained the night prior everyone tripped and they had a couple tabs leftover. I had done LSD before with Ecstasy and totally fried my brain, but that was months ago.  I was pretty damn bored that night, with nothing planned after my cousin would drop me off. I bought the tab for cheap and my cousin and I were on our way.  

Cousin T and I were driving around, and I was pretty excited to finally trip without any other substance distorting the purity of the experience.  I had put the tab under my tongue, and she immediately replied "Whoa dude. I'm not gonna be able to hang with you all night.  You're gonna be feeling pretty crazy." I was 18 and pretty naive despite past history of drug use. I had no idea what I was getting in to.

She dropped me off at my house and I had yet to feel anything.  I did not eat much that day, which turns out to be a not-so-good idea.  I went up to my room and put on King of the Hill on Adult Swim. Suddenly, the acid kicked in.  A character's voice began speaking quite slowly, and I visually saw their mouth moving slowly despite knowing they were not talking like that at all.  This experience distressed me despite being mentally prepared for tripping effects.  My room was dark except for the tv, and watching this strange effect amplified the madness of the acid.  My anxiety grew, and I began feeling detached from reality. I did not lose my cool, but I went downstairs to let my parents know I was going for a night walk (this was a normal occurrence for me and did not spark any issues).  

Although I went on a night walk to help ease my nerves, I vomited profusely a couple of times.  It was embarrassing, as I'm sure some neighbors heard it. My dad had Neil Young playing on his outdoor speakers and I SWEAR I was able to hear clearly defined music for at least half a mile, despite other noises of summer nights in the country like crickets or neighborhood bonfires.  I thought that was an amazing feature, and I rode on that for the rest of the trip. On my walk, I was able to keep it cool when cars went by, even though the headlights were exceptionally bright.  Lights from homes which shone onto the road looked distorted in a way that is hard to describe: almost sideways, and curved.  My peripheral vision seemed cloudy and bent in a strange, almost flashing way.  To elaborate, the light in my peripheral vision seemed to flash, but I knew this was only an effect from the acid.  Regardless, it actually kept spooking me a bit and keeping me on my nerves. Whenever I smoked a cigarette, I knew I only took one or two drags, but my cigarette LOOKED finished. IT WAS SO WEIRD, and one of the funniest/strangest effects I ever had off a drug. I am going to assume that is from how fucked up my vision was. I wonder if anyone else had that experience. 

I began playing Sgt. Peppers, and when I reached Lovely Rita, it seemed like I lost my ego. I am unsure exactly, but I forgot that I took a drug. I just felt like I was the only person in the entire universe who did not feel "normal", and this is I believe the worst part about tripping alone.  I felt so far-out of myself, I could not relate to my surroundings in the cozy way I had all my life. I was very familiar with the surroundings I was in, but I felt disconnected, and vivaciously nauseous the entire trip. I am sure my empty stomach and low blood sugar did not help me enjoy my trip.

I ended up making it back home after awhile, and I attempted to make Ramen noodles to eat something.  As expected, this failed, and I did not have a notion of what boiling water had felt like, and I almost spilled a whole pot of it onto my hand.  I ended up eating fruit, but I was shaking from nerves about this entire experience and I vomited all over myself.  I tried to go back up to my room, as I realized no matter what environment I was in, I was going to be uncomfortable and distraught.  This was the worst part of my trip: I legitimately felt like I was dying. I attribute this to ego loss, forgetting I was on a drug, not having a trip sitter to ground me, not letting anyone know what I was doing besides my cousin, and not really having a good time.  I never ended up falling asleep that night, and I had to work the next day all day.  I had a smoothie for breakfast with my parents, but I vomited that up as well. I remember wanting to be near them, and being relieved at watching the sunrise happen the next morning. I came off my trip, but I felt so physically ass-kicked that I NEVER touched LSD again.

In short, this experience actually enlightened my life by showing me to appreciate the health I have (mentally and physically) and to appreciate the boorishness of sober mindsets.  To be honest, this experience occurred about 7 months after my mom died and I did not properly grieve or accept this.  My trip has shown me that physical death is inevitable,  but you must treat your mind and your brain cells with ABSOLUTE care. This trip helped me become a more responsible person, and to stop treating substances as the "answer".  

I do not regret taking LSD, but I always wonder if I would be a happier person without it.  I stopped talking to those friends and my cousin, as I realized how toxic they were using drugs for recreation so frequently while never achieving the dreams they always talk about.  Can't win all the time, I suppose.  Thank you for reading this, as this experience meant alot to me. I hope it can help others as well.