Date of the trip: 12.12.2018
Time: 22:15
Trip Setting: Dark room with 4 lit candles, 1 lighted board with ''Think Positive'' written on it, 2 trip sitters (my girlfriend and her brother).

Additional info: The experience happened after a very pleasant trip on 3 tokes of DMT (around 1 hour earlier) that landed me in the waiting room where I was welcomed with much love by many friendly and familiar entities. I removed my shirt after this trip as I felt hot.

Mention: In my most intense experience until then, I've met jesters and what they showed me was simply mind blowing.

Trip Comparison:

This 4 tokes trip had few similarities to the life changing trip that I've had on 700 ug of 1P-LSD in which I've observed myself in the process of dying, followed by my decaying flesh being eaten by worms and then being born again, after witnessing the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and having the most grandiose revelation of my entire life, a revelation so intense that I ended up running completely naked in people's yards desperately willing to share it, sacrificing my dignity so people will believe that I was dead serious about seeing Jesus Christ being crucified and understanding the deepest purpose of life to its utmost core.

About the Trip:

The purpose of the 4 tokes trip was to see how far they will take me and find out if I ever really got past the waiting room with 3 tokes. 

Long story short, they took me straight to my funeral. 

My entire life flashed before my eyes and I gradually realized that I've died and everything that I've done in my life leaded me to this unexpected early death on DMT.

I could still see my girlfriend and her brother, yet I believed that they were attending my funeral. The candles and especially the ''Think Positive'' message convinced me that they were there to help me realize that I'm dead and detach easier from this world.

As far as I remember, I haven't seen any entities, yet I've felt utter terror along with a malevolent presence while being compelled to give up on this life. I was convinced that this is it and after cheating death several times, my time has finally come. A wave of regret flowed into my soul, as I've recently made a to do list for my entire life consisting of 5 wishes and didn't have enough time to fulfill any of them.

During the experience, I remembered that I had no shirt on. This made me think that I've already been in a critical condition (due to the fact that I was hot), therefore, I've been given another strong hint that this is how things were meant to be and that I actually died on DMT.

In around 15 minutes, I've recovered physically, yet, mentally, I'm definetely not the same person anymore.

Trip lesson:

1. Time is more valuable than money and I learned to value time more than money.

2. I utterly refuse to make more excuses in order to avoid doing what I feel and know that is good for my soul, while being preoccupied with what is apparently pleasant for the ego.

3. By witnessing my funeral, I understood that one of my deepest desires is to die without regrets, therefore, the trip helped me remember that I'm here to love, help and forgive.

I hope that my story inspired you too.

I send my positive thoughts and love straight to you!