I'd gotten a gram of some good trees from a friend. Lemon Haze, he'd called them. Sure smelt like it. This is an account of the two trips, on consecutive days, that I had while smoking these. The trees themselves came in an almost compressed form, although still as green as they should be. They had the "green with hints of brown" colouring typical of the strain.

Viima - Icy Wind

I waited a while after getting the stuff, intending to smoke it at Christmas while catching a certain stream I'd been waiting for. Sure enough, the stream came around. I carefully cut about half of the gram away. I'd smoked small parts of it earlier, one part scattered in a small "pinner" joint and one part in the pipe to prevent nausea from alcohol, but I still had most of the gram left.

The effects were immediate, as trees usually are. I felt a strong bodily high this time, though. Everything was buzzing, and I could track every small movement of my body. My face felt like a strong icy wind was blowing, it felt numb and at the same time oversensitive, it was all I could focus on. My dark room felt out of focus. I never thought to watch the stream, I was too caught up in the trip. At one point, I had to fart, but the feeling was strengthened. I could have sworn I had shit myself, but in actuality there was nothing but gas. The trees amplified everything I felt, even the worse things.

At some point I went to bed and simply lay there, listening to the stream's music for a hour? Two hours? Three? I couldn't tell. They were strong trees. Eventually I awoke from the dreamworld, looked at the clock and realised it was 05:42, and went to bed shortly afterwards.

The hangover the day after was what I might term a grey reaction - I couldn't get the thought out of my head that I had wasted the trees somehow.

Paljo on Koskessa Kiviae - The Rapids Have Many Rocks

The next night I smoked up again, determined to get something better out of the next half gram. This was a bigger piece than I had smoked the last time, the remains of my stash. I had high hopes. I smoked up as before, and suddenly I felt the icy wind again.

It was all I could do to concentrate enough to say something in the chat I had open, so I closed it and again tried to watch the stream, but an all-consuming bodily high took all of my attention. I tried to relax, to get comfortable on my sheepskin rug, and I closed my eyes.

It was intense, the icy wind had turned into a raging river battering me back and forth. Yet I tried to keep my eyes closed, tried to see what the spirit of the trees had for me. I saw a circular gate and a path to it, made only of white light. On either side were many orbs of white light, and all around me were the stars. I passed through this gate and went onwards, to a green gate that was the same, but by this time the bodily high became too strong and suddenly, all motion stopped. A moment afterwards, the gate disappeared, and I was back to baseline, more or less.

I definitely intend to try to find that gate again, and see what's on the other side. Were I to make a conjecture, there will be more gates - likely blue, purple, gold, and past that only the spirit of the trees knows what. But whatever it is, I intend to find it and experience it.