I bought these high CBD flowers from a vape shop as I gave up smoking regular cannabis a year ago after 14 years of smoking 3grams of top shelf weed from waking up to going to bed everyday. My body one day decided anough is anough and THC made me anxious paranoid and made me feel I was having a stroke or a heart attack every time I smoked. 

From my hard use of cannabis (THC) products for a prolonged period of time I have developed anxiety and panic attack syndrome as a result of this I done some research into CBD as I have heard it is good for anxiety and I do miss the flavour and practise of smoking regular cannabis. Here is my trip report from CBD cannabidiol flower. 

16.00 I just got home from work after a 10 hour shift and decided to roll up a 3 skin of orange bud CBD. I rolled it with tobacco and grinded up roughly a gram and put it all in the joint. I smoked CBD the day previous but with no negative effects so I thought I would pack the joint out heavly just for the flavour. I smoked it in roughly 5 to 10 mins as the bud was dry so the burn time wasn't that good. After the joint I felt very relaxed and had a small sense of well being. I wasn't expecting any other effects as CBD I have read is 100percent non psychoactive. 

16.45 I was laying on my bed watching tv and all of a sudden I felt a euphoric feeling in the pit of my stomach normally I would welcome this feeling if I were smoking THC rich bud but I felt slightly alarmed at the fact this stuff was actually legal in the uk and it was CBD so I shouldn't be feeling this what so eve.r I shot of the bed to look in the mirror to see if my eyes were red or pupils dilated but they weren't. With my hands on the wall I felt my hands and feet tingle with a mild burning sensation and my palms dripping with sweat my heart started racing and I got a strange pins and needle effect through out my body with a burning sensation across my face. I started pacing around the room as I was afraid and not sure what was happening. My thoughts turned to nothing I felt detached from the world around me and my whole body was shaking uncontrollably. I thought something was seriously wrong which is when the panic set in. It went as quick as I came on so feeling relitivly normaI decided to take a shower. As I was shower the wave of euphoria kicked in again this time with a vengence. My left arm suddenly felt tingly and felt as is it was vibrating then started to go numb I tried clenching my left fist and bending my arm and there was a weakness there. My heart started racing  and I started to get very light headed and dizzy panic set in again as I thought I was having a heart attack. I shot out the shower soaking wet and started pacing around the room worried and afraid of what I had done to myself and that I was going to die. 

I sat on the edge of the bed for a while watching tv trying to take my mind off the way I was feeling like before it subsided. And I felt ok so I decide to get back in the shower as I had cut it short beforehand. I got out the shower and once again It kicked in again. I knew by now that it was coming on in waves and that I had to ride it out no matter what but things got worse and worse. As time went on my left leg started feeling weak and numb as well as my left arm. I then thought I was having a stroke so I got my shit together and went downstairs to where my partner and her mum were sitting and told them what I had done and that I thought something had seriously gone wrong. But even by telling them I still felt distant and anxious and that I was going to die so I was told to sit with them while it wore off but it didn't. The effect got stronger I felt that I was being pulled through the sofa and that I had no legs as I could not feel them touching the floor. My left arm started again as with my heart. 

This is now 3 hours after smoking the CBD-rich flower. With all these feelings I asked them to phone for an ambulance as I was in fear of my life. They arrived and according to all my checks I was fine apart from there being weakness in my left arm which they couldn't understand. After they left and I started coming back to earth I felt drained tired and relieved that I survived this trip. 

CBD is to be respected even if it is legal and is supposedly not psychoactive I smoked too much in too little time and I felt that I nearly paid the consequences from this experience. It's true you can have too much of a good thing I'm not so sure that it was only CBD on these flowers as the high felt psychoactive very much so but without lab testing I would never know.