I am not a great writer but will attempt to try and described what happend to me after eating 5g of dried cubensis. Also am curious to see if ANYBODY has had a similar experience because I am unable to find any trip reports matching something similar to this.

I wont speak about the whole trip as its not important, just the most bizzare part of it that has never happend to me before, and I trip a lot. 

Okay. So I'm in the middle of my trip and suddenly I get a pressure pulsate in my head. Its the same pressure that occurs when I yawn. The pressure kept pulsating very rapidly and more intense with each wave. I had my hands on my head as it was really intense. Then, something extremely bizzare happened. My consciousness exploded and I could see these cicada-looking entities looking and inspecting me. They were everywhere. They were hyper intelligent. I felt as though I cracked out of an egg that was inside one of those things and was born. That everyone is in these eggs and if you're ready you hatch and this is transcendence. This is what I was being told. Nothing really others havent heard. But then... I experienced it.... 

A fucking interdimensional cicada baby or something latched onto me and took over my head. I felt it all... The antennae, the little hair things that wiggle where your nose would be. Then they started to COMMUNICATE through me. The language was like this: Different pressures of air going in and out of each nostril at different times and frequencies, the "antennae" areas would literally wiggle in my head, sucking in air through my nose like its trying to clear mucus sounding like click because it wasnt just in it would do something similar outward like trying to push out mucus, then that same yawning pressure would be used consistently.

All of these different things were done in conjunction and it was 100% a language by the way it was done. Also, you would get responses from the other entities that are there. They are in constant communication with each other and I was in the middle of it all. They would even joke together like my cicada was literally laughing. INSANE. Next, they were trying to teach ME how to speak their language. I know 3 things:

1. If you suck in through your nose once and let it click, then breath out of your nose with medium direct force, that means "Hello".

2. A succession of in and out breathing through nose "out, in, out, in" then that's like some type of way of saying you're part of the tribe. Not quite sure but they made sure I knew how to do it because I may need it at some point in my life?

3. The pressure in the head is used as a "send" button among other things I believe.

Right after that I was sober and went to the gym with my friends. Literally it was a 2-3hr trip. 

BUT.....

It never left. Anytime I trip it comes back and is with me on the trip. Doing similar things. More like a companion or something now.