Some background: I am currently a university student with half of my major in mathematics. I have been experimenting with LSD and DMT fairly regularly for about half a year now and I have become quite comfortable with psychedelic experiences.

Setting: It was about midnight and I was alone in my apartment preparing to go to bed for the night. I'd spent the majority of the day thinking about abstract math (and smoking weed, but that had worn off by this point). It had been a while since I'd broken through and so I loaded my pipe with what I anticipated would be about the minimum to get a nice blast-off. I sat down in a full-lotus position on a folded blanket in my living room floor and prepared to smoke it from my pipe.

The Launch: I only took one hit from my pipe, in which I tried to evaporate the whole bowl. As I closed my eyes and began counting my 20 "Mississippi's" I could feel the tell-tale pressure building in my head as I began to blast-off. However, as I finished counting I realized that I felt like I was just on the edge of breaking through, however it felt like I wasn't going to make it this time. It felt extremely uncomfortable to be so close to breaking through but not having the intense visuals. I was aware that there was still a little DMT left in the pipe but I felt too paralyzed by the uncomfortability to want to move. Thus, I decided I was just going to ride out this sub-breakthrough trip. This entire thought process occurred in a couple seconds.

The Experience: Suddenly, transient images began to flash before my closed eyes, some containing jester-like entities. For the most part though, this experience contained no lasting visuals (mostly darkness.) Simultaneously, however, my mind began racing with thoughts that felt connected with this transient entity, as though it was wordlessly sharing extremely deep and profound mathematical secrets with me. I specifically remember "Riemann Hypothesis" being mentioned by name, as well as just a general feeling of mathematical knowledge being shared. This lasted for what I'm guessing to be about 5 minutes, after which I opened my eyes and remembered that I am this human currently living this life. Wow.

The Come Down: I was still tripping very hard at this point, and so I took a little extra time. Afterwards I was feeling comfortable enough to reintegrate with my environment. I uncrossed my legs, lay down on the ground in a fetal position, and began to cry with laughter at the explosion of mathematical thoughts I'd just experienced, none of which still made any sense.

For a breakthrough which contained little to no visuals, this may have been the most intense DMT experience I've ever had.