Experienced Infinity First Bad Trip

For the sake of this story and anonymity, I'll be calling myself Q. It's also important to note that I live in a travel trailer (this is slightly relevant to the story). This is my first bad trip in my four years of smoking.

So, on the night of December 5, 2018 (the night before my birthday, of course) I decided to get myself a birthday gift and bought my first bong. I love using my friends bong and figured it was time I had my own.

I had OG Kush on hand and was so excited to go home and smoke from my very own bong. I got home, put in my Hobbit DVD, and was ready to chill and have fun.

I sat down on my small couch in front of the TV  that we have at one end of our 32 foot trailer. One hit is all I took. It burned so bad and I had one of those coughing fits where it feels like I'm never going to breathe again. Anyway, I put the bong away and didnt smoke any more because my lungs couldn't handle it. Maybe two minutes go by and I already started to feel tingles in my body, which doesn't usually happen for me until about 15 to 20 minutes after my first hit, even from bongs.

I started to feel nauseous very soon after that and head to the other end of the trailer, where we have our bed, so I could lie down. But of course the second I lied down, I was more nauseous and could feel the contents of my stomach coming up. So I sat up and just hoped the nausea would go away. My head started pounding and everything around me started to look super saturated, like I was in a television show or something. I had to work really hard to keep from dissociating and reminding myself that this is real, not a show.

I remember I kept checking the time while I was on the bed. It felt like hours had gone by, but each time I looked, it had only been two or three minutes.

At this point, my boyfriend had been working on fixing some stuff around the trailer, and he ended up tripping a wire that made the CO detector alarm go off. I couldn't stop thinking "but what if there is CO in the air right now? what if it's not just the wire?" My heart was racing at the thought of CO poisoning and I could feel myself suffocating, so I ran out to my car to get fresh air.

I sat down in the driver's seat and suddenly a voice popped into my head. It was a low, gravely, demonic voice. This demon took over my body. I had no control. My head fell limp and my hand started flailing around, touching everything in my car. The voice said "ah, so this is what it's like to be human. To be Q. This is what it's like to have her body, to feel what she feels. I think I'll stay here for a bit."

I was terrified. I came to, and when I did, I saw this entity around our trailer. I can't really put into words what I saw, but it was evil. It was going to kill us. I ran into the trailer and told my boyfriend that we HAD to leave immediately. I explained to him I was having a really bad trip and we just had to leave.

This is about 30 minutes into the trip, still feeling like hours upon hours had passed.

I don't remember much of reality after that, but I do remember what was happening in my head. The demon kept going in and out of my head, and then a woman's voice, very motherly, started speaking to me as well. She told me she would get me through the trip, that it wouldn't last forever. Everything would be okay. Then a third voice. A funny teen, cracking jokes. Then another man's voice came into my head. Telling me "this WILL last forever, but would that really be the worst thing? Aren't you kind of enjoying this right now? Sure, it's scary, but you could get used to this, right?"

Each voice had a life of their own, their own experiences, and with each voice that came into my head, I was suddenly experiencing their lives as well, all at once. Every life situation you could possibly imagine, the ones you can't imagine, I was experiencing them all as each new voice showed up. And the voices showed no signs of stopping. Every ten or so seconds a new voice would show up, some of the original voices making an occasional reappearance.

I experienced, for the first and only time, the concept of infinity. Infinite amount of voices, infinite lives, infinite experiences were happening to me. I don't know how to explain it other than it was just infinity. Never ending. And I hope I never experience infinity again.

What made it worse was when I looked at the clock. Four real hours had gone by, and this trip showed no signs of slowing down. Weed normally keeps me high for up to two hours, usually just one, so when I saw how much time had actually passed I had to confront the fact that I might be stuck like this forever.

Then I looked out the window (my boyfriend had been driving the whole time). Where are we? This isn't my city. I don't know this road, I don't know this scenery. I was terrified. The demon told me my boyfriend was taking me somewhere to kill me, and no one would ever find my body. I tried so hard to find anything I might recognize, but I couldn't. If this trip wouldn't kill me, my boyfriend would.

Finally, six hours into the trip, I started coming down. My head was pounding with the worst headache I have ever experienced, even as someone who has chronic migraines.

I told my boyfriend we could go home now.

When I talked to him the next day about what was going on during my trip, he told me he never would have guessed all of that was going on. He told me I was"comatose," my head hanging down, my mouth open and drooling, my eyes not moving or blinking. He said about every ten minutes I would laugh a really creepy laugh, then just go comatose again, and I think that was when the funny teenager was talking to me. Then my boyfriend told me there was one point where I started screaming at him for maybe ten seconds. "WHERE ARE WE? WHERE ARE YOU TAKING ME? THIS ISN'T OUR CITY, WHERE ARE WE?" and then went comatose again. When I was screaming at him, we were on the main road to our trailer, a road I drive every time I go out, but I didn't recognize it.

This trip was admittedly very traumatizing and I told myself I was going to take a break from weed, but of course started smoking again a few days later.

I had smoked this same batch a weed for a few days beforehand, so I don't think it was laced with anything.


I wonder if anyone has else experienced something like this with weed, with OG Kush.