Experienced Heaven and Hell

I was in my sisters room with her boyfriend and my sister took a light rip from the bong that was packed with DMT and she then passed it to me. I took way too big of a hit for my first time and right around 5 seconds into holding the smoke in I then noticed her room spinning in a 360 motion really really rapidly. Once this happened my heart rate sky rocketed and then her room soon faded away. I told her boyfriend "I can't breathe, I need help" and then laid on the floor trying to breathe and starting to get nauseous. My body wanted to puke but my stomach was empty so nothing really came up. 

The trip even began throwing my biggest fear in my face which is being burned alive and I felt like I was being burned for what seemed to be a lifetime. At this point I was at my peak and I could see myself in this hellish universe and I my whole body just appeared to be completely on fire and I could feel burning throughout my whole body. This made me yell a lot according to my sister and her boyfriend. They said I was yelling "get me out of here please!!!!" "I don't want to die". Now obviously I know I wasn't going to die but being on a powerful psychedelic like that it could make me believe anything until I sobered up. But I had a few glimpses of a god like creature that said "hold on Anthony you'll be okay" "you've got this" "stay true to yourself and you'll find a way out of this" it was extremely bizarre. 

According to my sisters boyfriend and her, they both said I was acting like I was being burned alive with the motions I was making. And that they just sat with me and comforted me until this experience died down. 

When I came down I just felt confused and shocked by what just happened. I was kinda in reality but still stuck in that world. I felt strange. I noticed my knuckles were all bloody from apparently hitting the nightstand due to the trip. I also felt like I was burning up and was more or less really confused into what exactly I just experienced due to the amount of shock. It was one of the most terrifying yet interesting experiences of my life. I then just went in my room and slept for right around 16 hours. I feel like at first I was in a very happy place. The visuals were beautiful, let the good times roll by Grateful Dead was playing and that really made the beginning of the trip really nice but for some reason my heart rate just went up really high and then it turned into a horrifying experience. 

The next day (or the day I'm writing this) I had a really bad migraine the day after the trip, I'm not sure if it was because of it or if it was coincidental. But I've also been way more sluggish today as well. 

I do plan on smoking DMT again in the future. But I will make sure that I am in a super comfortable environment with no anxiety triggers because I feel like that is what ruined my experience.