Note: I've holed before, but I've made it a point to start typing up trip reports more often, as it is a great writing exercise (to try and articulate the ineffable) and also helps me remember much more. Also, this was just a perfect, well-rounded k-hole, exactly how I would imagine it if I'd never tried, but also so much more.

Set: ingested a 10mg THC edible at T -4.5hrs which has mostly worn off, ate lightly about T -2.5 hours with one beer. Feeling happy with the amount of schoolwork I've got done today.

Setting: Alone, in my room.

T0:00 (21:40)--Insufflate 80mg (40mg in each nose). The burn is actually quite intense but subsides within a minute. May be due to the fact that I thoroughly cleaned my nostrils before. Comeup begins almost instantly; a strong wave of sedation, relaxation, but also a hint of melancholy rushes over me. I ask myself why I use drugs, but these thoughts pass quickly. The music choice for tonight is Ulrich Schnauss' "A Strangely Isolated Place." I squirt some saline solution to help with absorption.

T0:07 (21:47)--Insufflate 65mg (~30 in each nose). Turning on the desk light takes my eyes a 3-4 seconds to register and adjust. This is really pleasant; to turn lights on and off while on dissociatives, because I am literally "playing" with my altered sensory perception. Insufflation is a lot easier this time since I'm not able to feel any pain. I walk slowly, clumsily over to my bed and turn off the light. Instantly my consciousness begins expanding.

T0:12--Well, that was quick. Heartrate is pretty fast, but soon it becomes nonexistent (at least to me), because my body has melted into a sea of tranquility, though I am still somewhat aware of it, watching myself from another POV, meaning I have closed eye visions (not visuals, which I associate moreso with classical psychs) of myself laying on my bed. I can actually see exactly what I look like, eyes closed and all, hair disheveled, which is a bit weird. This is one of the most clear, perfect OBE I have ever had, I am seeing myself from a third person POV, which is different than in a mirror, for example, which is still a subjective first person experience. The music is perfect and curbs any and all anxiety, sucks my consciousness into a cushion-ey mass of tumbling blankets, like being in a giant cosmic washing machine floating through the ether.

This soon gives way to neon, retro-futurist cityscapes with growing buildings and UFOs in the sky. I also see a vortex of spinning energy, a hypnagogic dreidel, a psychic fidget spinner, going a million miles per hour, thousands of feet tall and wide. A large bubble-letter graffiti tag envelops my vision and begins duplicating itself then dying again, like the cycle of life. This industrial imagery/machinescapes synergizes with a highly spiritual, cosmic feeling of universalism and is quite amazing. A giant, multi-colored orb also appears, spinning with perfect symmetry. My room is nearly pitch black, when my eyes drift open, I am unable to register the small amount of light creeping in through my window, and thus my internal visions are completely unaffected by whether or not my eyes are opened or closed. I feel a semblance of my teeth, but they are distant, like they belong to a small animal far away.

T0:35--I am drifting in and out of the hole; the black, monolithic presence comes and goes but is more present than not at this point. I can only compare it to being a groundhog or a mole slowly coming up to the surface, or like being on a pillowy cloud slowly drifting back down to earth.

T1:00--This was disappointingly short-lived, though I am still heavily impaired when I turn my night light back on; my vision strobes, comparable to the post-peak of a high 3rd plateau DXM trip. I vape some cannabis (indica) and this brings on some closed eye visuals (remember, different from visions, at least in my opinion), which consist of vague, soft, sparkling geometric shapes.

T2-3:00--Spend the next two hours browsing the internet, eating cereal, listening to a podcast, and reading Herman Hesse's "Narcissus and Goldmund". I fall asleep and experience extremely vivid, somewhat disturbing dreams, complete with flight/floating, maggots, and the failed ambition of a friend of mine.

T12:00--Wake up feeling refreshed with a nice afterglow.