My boyfriend D and I went on a week-long holiday at the beach. As usual, we seized the opportunity to have some psychedelic experiences that would help us relax and let our mind rest as well as our bodies. We had one MDMA and one LSD experience, in that order. 

It was about 11 pm when we took 200 mg crystalline MDMA each, prepared in the form of "parachutes", packed in a cigarette paper. D and I had just had a light dinner, and were feeling relaxed and simultaneously tired because of the perfectly sunny beach day that had passed. 

Shortly after we took our doses, we decided to lay down on the bed and watch some TV. We watched The Simpsons for about 20 minutes, when I felt my vision become very bright and blurry. I could not focus on the TV anymore, my eyes became tired if I tried to do so. We turned off the TV and put some music on, and stayed still. I had begun to feel nauseous, something that seems to be fundamental in any psychedelic experience I take part in. However, soon I gave in to the music, closed my eyes, and became filled with a sense of smooth wellbeing. Everything was going to be beautiful. 

My nausea disappeared, and D and I started caressing each other. We took our time, slowly touching each other's skin in a careful manner. It felt heavenly, as if my sensibility had grown exponentially. We eventually started making out, for many songs, enjoying every second of that magical feeling. We knew we shouldn't have any sexual expectations in a situation like this because MDMA usually causes erectile dysfunction. But everything felt perfect, and D decided to go down on me. I don't think I can remember any situation were I felt any closer to the highest realm of pleasure. It was amazing, it felt like forever. Eventually we started having sex, in a slow tempo. D said that even though he wasn't able to finish, he felt incredible during the performance. He also mentioned that his penis felt weird, like rubber, although still firm. Meanwhile, I was in heaven. After this, it started pouring outside. Lightning could be seen through the curtains at the windows. It also roared with thunder. We were suddenly immersed in another world, in a cabin in the tropical forest. The music melted with the natural sounds. 

The feeling of relaxation was extreme. I thought I'd probably like to dance and jump like I did in other rolls, but this was totally different. My body felt heavy, but soft and beautiful. At about 2.30 am, we did a redose of 50 mg each. All the feelings I mentioned before became exacerbated in about ten minutes. Also, my head started to hurt, and this headache became stronger quickly. I decided to take 500mg naproxen and laid down. I remained in a conscious state similar to the wake-sleep limbo, and the pain went away. 

At 4:20 am we decided it would be a nice moment to light up a joint of the bunch we had prepared for the occasion. We usually like to elongate our psychedelic LSD, MDMA or DMT experiences with a bonus cannabis trip. The result was exactly as expected: like in previous trips, we felt as if we were navigating through reality in a close environment. This time, the room became some sort of spaceship for us. Outside, it was gradually beginning to dawn. The only window, which was covered by an orange curtain, was our only way to peek into the world. The room, which I have known for years and is totally familiar to me, became deformed, its strange 5-wall geometry appeared even more ridiculous, really resembling the front part of a spaceship. Later on, we discussed about this episode and thought that it might in some way be an out-of body experience, in the sense that it involves a feeling of peeking into reality from a neutral, observant position (the spaceship in this case). These sort of curious experience, feeling part of a spaceship or some sort of video game, had also happened to us in a previous MDMA+cannabis trip. We talked about our bizarre thoughts, and smoked about 4 joints. I didn't feel glitchy like I sometime do when I roll. We finally fell asleep, music still on. 

The next day we awoke at about 3 pm, and had a beautiful afterglow. We bought some cake, went to the beach and ate it by the sea while we drank some mate. The feeling remained for many hours, until the following day.