There were four of us.  Jake, a chronic pothead who was always up for a good time.  Kevin, another chronic who loved to party as much as Jake, myself, a quasi-responsible student who liked to experiment, and Tom, a guy who kind of just joined us in the mix, not really a part of our group, but not really outside of it either.

At 9:30 that night we smoked a joint.  At 10:30 we picked up our mushrooms.  By 10:45 they were chewed and swallowed.  

The first snow of the year had fallen the day before, and everything looked virgin and pure that night.  I remember thinking how beautiful the landscape looked, even before I had any substances in my body.

After chewing our mushrooms, we had to decide what to do with our high before it hit.  Living in a small, working class city, there wasn't many options.  But we decided on a perfect scene to represent our blue collar comrads, the rock and boll at the local bowling alley.  

Because I'm much smaller than my male cohorts, I started to trip before they did.  At about 11:15 I was feeling a wonderful body buzz.  My fingers and feet were tingling, and I heard a background buzzing that was pleasant.  As we pulled into the bowling alley, I looked through the door and saw the flashing lights.  They looked so wonderful, I was psyched to reach the full extent of my high.

We had to pay for the bowling and get our shoes etc, so my mind was focused on that, so for a few minutes, although I felt euphoric, I didn't let it show.  I never did start bowling.  The lights and music were too much for me.  The others sat around drinking beer and taking their turns at bowling, but I was there, I was completely involved in the cadence and rhythym of the top 40 pop tunes they were playing.  There was one light in particular, and it spiraled out, narrowed and then shone straight.  When I looked into it, I felt I was looking into the 'light.'  I felt like a philosopher who had finally reached enlightenment.

I looked around at my friends with a new sense of wonderment.  There was Jake, bowling my turn, getting strike after strike, and I believed my 'enlightenment' was giving him guidance to bowl a perfect set.  Kevin was a little anxious and aggressive, his trip wasn't at the same level as mine, but I looked at him and realized it could be if we would just make a spiritual pact to be on the same wavelength.  Tom was zoned out, tripping in his own mushroom universe.

And then I began to speak.  I told all of them that the world was a wonderful place, and whatever they wanted to do to express themselves was fine with me.  I told Kevin if being anxious and agressive was his thing, that I was cool with it, and that he should 'groove to it.'  He caught my vibe and instantly his face found happiness and I knew that he was one with me spiritually.  Jake, however, had already gotten there with me.  I had caught his eye after he had bowled his last set.  Our expressions were motionless, but we both knew that we were there.  Tom was there too, a little bit differently from us though.  Because he wasn't a regular, he didn't catch quite the right vibe, but it was a good one.  

I felt like the Buddha, I felt like a prophet.  I was Marlow telling my friends what it was like to know the essence of good and evil.  I was God, God was me.  Everything instantly made sense.  The lights were flashing, the music playing, but all of that was background now.  I had found my groove and was sticking to it, and I had brought three others into my own spiritual space with me.  Not sex, not love, not death has ever given me such an epiphany.  For four hours I just sat there, drawing the positive energies of three other people into my realm.  I knew that this is what God must feel like when people are praying to him.  I was sapping up the love and good feeling that the others felt for me.  I was the embodiment of US.

This realization has stuck with me.  I can feel people's positive energy, and I can draw on it.  I have reached a new level of spirituality.  I now know what the state of Nirvana feels like, if only for a brief second.