So it was great idea or at least seemed to at the time, me and 4 other friends were all going to trip at my parents house that I was house sitting at the time. I believe 5 of us in total was part of the reason why this trip was destined to go bad, because with so many people tripping there is a greater chance for an accident or someone getting hurt would happen.

We lemon tek our doses and play a game of jenga on the come up. 15 mins in, I start to notice loss of coordination and playing the game is hard.

30 mins in, we all agree we are now too fucked up to play jenga, come up is really hitting me hard, feeling lots of terror and dizziness.

1 hr in, stomach is starting to feel sick, one of my friends also is feeling sick.

1:20 mins in, me and my friend are both laying down on the floor trying to feel better.

1:30mins in, me and that same friend go lay down outside in the garden and observe the beauty of the day and are starting to finally feel good.

1:40 mins in, OMG this trip is finally going amazing now! Feeling super euphoric and everything has what I like to call AWESOME VISION.

Our other friends walk over and ask us to go for a walk behind my parents house because there is a cool field back there and trails to explore. Now the problem was that the fence was locked and I didnt have a key and we were too sketched out to go around the neighbourhood to get to it. So I had the idea to just jump over it.  This fence is about 6 feet tall and its a chain link fence with sharp points on the top. 

I jump over it all the time with no issues but I didn't think anyone else would have issues even though they were all tripping. So I jump over first with no issues. Second and third jump over with no issues, then this one friend lets call him Sean has issues and ends up falling and sliding his wrist along diagonally. As he lands he gets up and laughs likes its no big issue, but he had blood all over his face and his wrist was gushing out blood like he was going to die. Sean notices his wrist and looks up with a crazy look on his face like and then starts shaking violently like he was having a seizure then collapsed to the ground. He was still shaking when he was lying down but then got up. Keep in mind all the neighbours were watching from the decks and one of them even said "I think they are on drugs!", "Should we call the police?!" We needed to get him to some bandages walked around the side of the field and headed back to my house through the suburbs. This is the fucked up part, Me and Sean were both wearing t shirts that were tie dye and one said "Magical Mother Fucker!"(in psychedelically patterned letters). The other had a big melting smiley face, That said "Have a nice trip!"

Now all the neighbours were outside on the porch or playing basketball on the streets. We had to walk through all these people looking at us in horror as my friends arm is severely bleeding and we are tripping balls. I performed first aid on Sean and it made me gag multiple times, I am normally fine with blood and gore, but for some reason tripping made it so intense and horrific to see.

The rest of the trip was a bad trip just waiting for it to end.