Time: 8/9/19 around 22:00
Location: My bedroom

I had manufactured DMT at home from mimosa hostilis as I did not know anyone who could get it, or had even tried it before. I had tried smoking it through a glass pipe but the effects were very weak. It turns out that this was because I was not heating it enough through fear of burning it. After re-watching a video on how to smoke it, I tried heating it more.
 
As I had been struggling to break through prior to this attempt I took a huge rip on the pipe and it turns out on previous attempts I had just managed to melt the DMT down into the pipe. This time it all vaporised and I must have had a very large dose. I had intended to go for a second one but my reality started falling apart and I just managed to put the pipe down. 

I fell back onto the bed and with my hands on my chest. I remembered to breath out and it felt like my body deflated until it was completely flat. At the same time it felt like someone was pouring a gritty liquid down my throat and I felt very uncomfortable. I started to feel like I was being sucked backwards and then I lost all sensation of my body.

This all happened in a few seconds I think and then, as I was travelling backwards through a red and blue mesh tunnel I tried to reassure myself by thinking 'it's the drug' ' It'll be over in 10 minutes' 'it worked' 'this is what I wanted' but the words in my thoughts were confusing and I didn't really understand what it meant.

I then heard mocking voices repeating some of the words back in a muddled up order and laughing. Then asking random nonsensical questions like: 'who put the what in drug?' and it would repeat and there was a watery echo in a swimming pool. I became very confused I think I lost the ability to think in words. The voices stopped repeating things and then I could hear chanting. 'OOM BAH, EECHEE BAH' from multiple voices. This repeated for a while and then I arrived in a room.

The room was completely white and plasticy. There were 2 entities to the right of me. One I thought was an adult and the other a child. The big one reassured the little one. They were completely black and featureless apart from one white eye in the middle of their faces. They were behind a white bench. There was one window in the room and through it I could see a strange landscape. The ground was a lime green and the sky a deep blueish purple. There was kind of classical/instrumental music playing. I felt the message that there is more to things that we can comprehend and that there is a God.

I don't really remember how I started to come back. I started to be able to feel my body again and could start to see the shape of furniture in my room through the visualisations. As I came around I kept repeating 'this isn't possible', 'how is that possible'. I then called for my husband and told him everything I could and the memory of what happened started to fade like waking from a dream.

Even though I had read many experiences and researched smoking DMT, I was shocked by the strength of it. It seemed to disintegrate my ordinary reality and my bodily experience and sensations until I was just conscious awareness. I experienced terror while passing through the tunnel. It felt like I had entered another dimension and that the rules of reality were different. What I saw was very clear like better graphics than ordinary reality. I was left with the feeling that I was sure I had been in a different reality and had actually left my body.