I sat on the sofa and my friend got the rig ready. It was a beautiful black light reactive, pink dragon rig. Beautiful piece. I guess you could say I was chasing the dragon this night for sure. 

@ 9-21-19 @ 1:22AM Listening to Ganja White Knight Origins Album on shuffle I think.

Sat on the sofa with a small pillow fort around me. Just in case. I took the hit and held it for a moment, and repeated the process 4 times. 

After taking the first hit, I could feel my body relax, and visuals start to appear after about 5-8 seconds. I smoke this more like I would weed dabs, and held the last one in for as long as I could. It was like I had a flash meditation. I got myself in the right headspace, knowing what I was trying to accomplish in feeling welcome to this experience I was about to embark. Chester the dog was an unfortunate distraction, he wanted me to play with him, and so he placed a squeaky toy on my while I was trying to focus. I was able to throw the toy to distract him for a moment, almost like testing how my body was reacting. I was surprised at how alert everything still was and how easy it was to move and open my eyes.

This mild experience only lasted about 5 min. We chilled for a few before making our decision to blast off.

@ 1:52AM *Song: Ganja White Knight- Wobble Buds* 
The song Wobble Buds begins to play, and I take the words spoken to me as an invitation to jump into Hyperspace. My friend and I chill in the living room listening to music for a few more moments before we decide that we were ready.

I prepare myself and she gets the rig ready again, this time making it 33mg. Her boyfriend was in the other room reading a magazine in bed. She sat on the center sofa, where as I was still in my pillow fort on the left side of the center sofa.

@2:00AM This time I decided to take a longer harder hit. I inhaled for as much as I could, and held it in for a good 30 seconds. As I held it in, I could feel my body instantly become relaxed, and in my moment of releasing my breath, I saw myself break the Matrix barrier and fly so fast past everything it all became faster then speeding light. When this happens I closed my eyes. And knew it was time to focus.

During this focus everything was just SO FAST. I have no words to be able to describe what I saw or could have concept of. Everything had shapes, sacred geometry, math, lots of neon colors. Kaleidoscope figures flashed before my eyes, before everything just kept going on and on.

But a very very distinctive moment when I peeked I remember it was like something tying to communicate with me. I've met them before while doing LSD and Mushrooms. And in this moment I was focusing on Water.

Demanding that I need to drink water on Planet Earth. Not bottled or filtered. No man made wells. Not made by man. It can not be touched by government money. No one can own this water. This water is free. Untouched. Clean. H2o Earth Water. I can take my cup, and dip it in this water and Drink it without getting sick. I want to walk up to it, drink, and feel the quench.

While speaking in my mind's voice, to these things making themselves known, its like I all of a sudden allow myself to go into some trance like state. This thing seemed to be breaking some kind of computer code or something while it sucked me in. Everything seems so mathematical, nothing makes sense, the music is on the right sound wave for everything to coexist together in such beautiful harmony with my minds voice, that all of a sudden I hear a single jingle of a bell. I see a vision of my Cat Skywalker with red and gold accessories. It was like an eye opened to look at me, and my cat jumped into its view blocking the vision. 

Thats when I get pulled down into a force of trance so strong, everything goes dark and I hear the sound of a Ping Pong ball drop. I don't hear music anymore, only light soft sounds. Like someone scurrying on a hard wood floor. Even tho the floor in reality was carpet. I hear something moving about me quickly, because it knew it only had a moment. Just one try. For only 5 seconds or so. I hear this commotion about me. And I keep my eyes closed, still seeing nothing but darkness. Feel it around me, the presence. But it does not touch me. This has happened before in experiences with LSD and Mushrooms. I know the rules on how to play this specific game. It's dark, and it's spooky sometimes. But this time in a flash, I feel as tho someone or something has placed a Marble in my mouth. I have a sudden force in my mouth. I can roll it around on my tongue. I can click it and roll it on my teeth. I can hear the clink clank as I roll it on my teeth. As I realize what it is, a flash comes to my vision of a silver marble. I let this continue for a while because I wanted to remember this. I did not want to forget. But all of a sudden a force wanted me to swallow it. My visuals come back into full swing.

Because of my rabbit hole, I made the choice to NOT swallow the marble. And as I put my hand in my mouth to take the marble out, it shattered ! It shattered into pieces into my mouth. I proceeded to take my 2 hands and then try and get as much of the shards out as I could. 2 shards absorbed into me. The shards felt like what I describe as popcorn kernels getting stuck in the teeth in the back of the mouth.

My friend asked me if I was ok. I half opened my eyes , And all I could say was "I had a marble in my mouth. I'll be right back."

Closing my eyes again it felt suddenly as a force held my head bent down, as so I could not see them. The force was familiar, it was THE force I was looking for. As I had my visuals the force spoke to me so softly and gently. It was almost as if I was trying to listen to the wind. It was upset I didn't swallow the marble. All it whispered was "Swallow. I told you to Swallow." It was not wrong. This entity told me last time when the Marble is placed in my mouth, I was advised to Swallow. He repeated himself. It would not stop until I swallowed once. It told me to do it again. And I obeyed. He told me to do it ..again. And this time, the swallow...I felt like I truly swallowed an object. .this swallow Satisfied me. And when I tried to swallow again, It was like a force gripped upon my neck and I could not swallow again like I did the first time. He said to me " I didn't say swallow." I try to swallow again I had to, but it was not satisfying. If anything the thirst is only worse.

"When you Swallow the marble..." He told me.

He then said to swallow again, and again, like I was drinking. It was like a meditation of the sound at this point.

And I know this means, if I get a Marble put back into my mouth, I need to swallow the marble next time. That means This is going to happen again.

My friend in this time asked me how I was doing. I must have had my head bent too long looking down. I lift my head and tell her I'm cool. During this moment. He makes himself seen. With my eyes still closed, All I could see was white in the background, and a neon pink sugar skull kaleidoscope. In the vision, I could feel his frustration and resentment. He held two knifes to my neck as if they were scissors and he wants to chop it off. I knew he could not touch me or harm me in the physical world. But his imagery made it very clear how he was feeling with me in this moment. Frustrated hahahah

This Sugar Skull was in my last LSD experience. And a few days after the experience, I remembered the Skull was eating Marbles. The last time we met, he said he had something special for me next time we meet. I'm positive it was the marble. This specific entity always makes himself seen when I come down. I could hear his whisper of a voice telling me the chilling things he always says. Some new, and some old. But if anything, I know we are going to see each other again very soon. Guarantee.

I've never had such a magnetic force to something such as this entity. It feels so dangerous, yet exciting. Beautiful, horrifying. The dragon I chase gave me a gift. He never backs down from his word. He is one of my favorite entities I encounter. If not THE entity.

When he said his goodbye for now, and I came back too. The tv was playing a Liquid Stranger track at this point. My visuals were still strong with colors and shapes. But I was back on planet earth again.

It had a fast start and the coming in and out of my reality was fairly easy. In this moment I have my journal with me and I'm able to write:
" Water.  STS9 Please
( my name) \=^.^=/
&#928;
( another name) :3 "

I have a feeling of a presence. 
Familiar  one again. I look to the tv and it is here. 
The first time activating this force, it was in the form of a Hexagon rotated at 60'.  This is not the first time it has made itself known to me in this presence. 

While coming down, I was able to have my reflective moment with this peaceful entity.  I told it my requests.  I don't think this entity knows who I encounter, but it asks questions wanting to know who. Which has not changed since the first time we have met. It's seeking an answer from me. And before I can give it to him, I have my request that I need from it to confirm things. 

It told me to tell me my name and the date. 
And so I answered. 
It was satisfied. 

By the time everything was said and done the song By Liquid Stranger "I am Bass" ended my experience for the time being. 

Until we meet again.