It was late April, and my friend (let's call him E) had the house to himself while his dad was in Mexico. The two of us had been strengthening our friendship through weed, and frequently talked about engaging in psychedelic experiences. He told me he had a plug nearby where he could buy 350 microgram tabs for cheap. I was ecstatic, of course, as I had only previously taken a small dose of 75 micrograms ( the results were significant, but nothing to write home about necessarily).

Him and I quickly planned to set up a trip-day and everything leading up to the day went smoothly. The morning of, I kept track of my heart rate on my samsung galaxy watch and made sure to keep it low enough to maintain a peaceful state of mind. Before driving down to where E lives, I spent the afternoon with my other friend, whom I nervously ate chinese food with. The stress and anticipation for the trip made it difficult to eat, and so I took it with me. I'm not entirely certain of what happened leading up to getting the tabs, but E and I were ready to go at around 4:40 PM that afternoon after having driven down a few hours earlier.

Before me lay the 350 microgram aqua-green square of infinite wonder. I was spooked, but hyped nonetheless. I kept telling E that this was almost 5 times the dose that I had originally taken a few months earlier. He suggested I cut the tab in half since I had my doubts, but I pushed through anyways. At 5:00, we had both placed the tabs on our tongues and I defected to the other room to meditate and clear my head while the acid slowly seeped into me. As soon as I felt the tab completely dissolve, I went back into the main living room and tried my best to set the mood and relax with E. Part of this was turning on "Drive Home," by Steven Wilson on the Youtube TV---a really beautiful and emotional song that is close to my heart. We discussed that we ought to have our own "tether" that would anchor us to reality if things were to go completely sideways. Mine was the aforementioned watch, E's---his special ring.

It wasn't until about 20 minutes in did I notice some changes. My face turned flushed and red, I started feeling really hot. Soon after, the first initial impact hit me like a ton of bricks. Immediately I started to become a bit hysterical. "This wasn't I expected at all,'' was probably what I was thinking. My extremities began to turn numb and tingly, like I had just slept on them for a few hours after a nap. I tore off my shirt and guzzled down all the water I could. It took a little bit longer for him to get there, but E started sharing similar experiences. Every wave of tingling energy made me feel like I was right on the edge of losing consciousness. In fact, it was the same feeling I felt right before passing out and having a seizure in the ER---only extended indefinitely. I tried turning on a more calming song, but its normally gorgeous and soothing harmonies turned sour and awful. I was emotionally distressed by this and started to grow more hysterical.

Everything that happened around this point in the story is very difficult for me to keep track of; and I only have a rough idea of the context of some of the experiences I plan to write about. However, the general cloud of hysteria grew larger and E and I turned on survival mode.

It became clear quickly that neither of us could handle nor comprehend what was happening. The environment around me took a life on its own. We sat on the couch together, hand in hand, exclaiming in our own shared hysteria. It felt like we were riding on the same rollercoaster, our trips had synced up. Whatever it was that we experienced came in waves. E would tighten his grip on my hand and say "Hold on...I'm peaking." a few times; which of course caused me to tumble down the rabbit hole even further. Proportions of the room, distances between walls and the sizes and shapes of objects around me dissolved into mere suggestions of their nature; the most debilitating effect overall was the struggle to maintain spatial awareness throughout the house.

Everything that made up my field of view became a wash of bright colors and indistinguishable textures. However, the more I looked at a specific object, the clearer it became. As these visuals settled in to both my mind and E's, we began to desperately hold onto reality. The two of us walked throughout the house, reciting facts about our lives that we both knew absolutely to be true. I ended up completely glued to the watch. The blue watch face on the screen bulged and shifted and made it difficult to read time. It was around 8:30 pm or so when I realized I was counting and announcing every minute to E that went by. At this point I was panicking because I knew I was experiencing a bad trip. I told E that we needed someone else to tripsit us. He agreed, and I messaged my other best friend (let's call him B) with plenty of difficulty. The keys seemed to be in a different position on my phone's screen every time I looked at it, and my messages were short and nondescript. Luckily, B made it about 20 minutes later.

B took mine and E's experience to be rather funny. He approached the situation calmly, even making the observation that we had made the entire downstairs a mess. B's presence put me at ease very quickly, and eventually the acid winded slowly down to just a good fuzzy feeling at around 11:00 pm. The three of us wrapped up the night with a fat blunt and some good music. However, this would only be the beginning of the comedown that would last until late in the afternoon the next day. I got zero sleep that night. There's something about acid that keeps my mind racing at a hundred miles per hour. I felt deathly exhausted, like my entire body and consciousness was hurled through a jet engine, but I didn't once doze off. My legs felt stiff and sore, as did my jaw and neck, like they had been clenched for a really long time. The next morning, B had come over again. He was selling wax, and E and I bought a few grams. So a little later at around 10:00 am, I took a healthy-sized dab to see if I could remedy some of the effects from the night before. Interestingly enough, the dab triggered some of the memories I had, and since I was occupying the same trip-space, I ended up living through flashbacks of the whole night.

The entire trip was an extremely fun yet sobering experience. 350 micrograms kicked the life out of me; I am even willing to say that I experienced an ego-death. Acid is not unlike a black hole, and I had to cling on to whatever I could before I passed through the event horizon.