Hi, my name is R, I'm 20 years old and I'm not of English origin so I apologise in advance for any typos or misspelling.

I practice yoga and meditation every once in a while, I belive I am in good physical condition and I eat well, I have experience with MDMA, cocaine, ketamine, speed paste, LSD, mushrooms ;), and some research cuemicals that were sold as MDMA and LSD although I don't do coke any more nor will I for the rest of my life as I realised it's absolute crap and I don't really get what I'm paying for and yes I've had good coke.

It all started at 1:45am when I was waiting to get picked up to go to a psychedelic trance rave some kms away from my house. As I wait I stretch for a bit. I get picked up and driven to the place, none of the other people in the car went with be but they had some acid and I had some money so I bought 5 hits. I drop one as soon as we arrive there which was at about 2:15am. As I pay my entry and observe what's going on, I go upstairs to the balcony and immediately run into an aquaintance of mine and I give her a big hug and spin her around ahahah it felt great. 

At this point I was starting to heavily come up. The acid I was doing were Hoffman's, they have been advertised as 300mcg but I've done good LSD and from personal experience I know it's not the case but nevertheless they are good, the only downside to these Hoffman's are that they don't produce much visuals but the high is great! (The tabs had no taste whatsoever).

I start running into my friends and since I didn't have any weed on me I asked them to roll us a joint, which they did, they even let me roll it, at this point I was already tingling and in the mood to dance so we smoke the joint and go back downstairs. The music is great. I danced the night away and in-between 2am and 6am I dropped 3.5 tabs and gave the rest to my friends. Almost everyone in that party was either on MDMA or acid and the music was great.

The only visuals I got during the party was when I was looking at the screen and it had strips of red and blue and green triangles Wich made this trippy cornucopia and kept changing between the two I saw the triangles overlapping the red stripes and when it switched back to the triangles they were in hd and the colour was very vivid. When we left the party we went to smoke some joints at this place that was sheltered from the wind and cold, this happened during November in southern Europe so it was cold but not so cold. After daylight breaks we leave to go to the gas station that was about 2 or 3kms away.

Some wierd stuff happend during the process of all that. One of my friends had a bike and I rode it every now and then during the walk to the station and every time I did I started seeing patterns on the ground but not your usual ones like geometric shapes, oh no. These patterns were telling some kind of story that I really didn't understand but ok. 

I got home at about 11am, took a shower and went to sleep. I slept for about 3h give or take.

When I woke up I had breakfast  and rolled myself a spliff and went to the local park. I smoked a cigarret first, which felt and tasted better than usual then the joint. As I came up from the weed I got a bit of the acid high back and just enjoyed it. At 6:30am I went to church with my family and had a really good experience. I have done this once before on 1g if mushrooms and had an amazing experience. I believe in Jesus tough I am not Catholic. My church has no saints or any images we just sing and praise the Lord almighty. 

When I got back home I ate  smoked my other joint and went to bed early at about 10pm, read a chapter of the Bible and went to sleep. I woke up about 15 hours later feeling kinda tired but very relaxed and in a positive mood. I am currently writing this at about 5:30pm on a Sunday. 