I'm in suspense for the next time when I can do E. Two nites ago was the first time I have ever rolled. I can honestly say that it was one of the best experienes of my life. At first I was very scared and timid to try it because of the bad reports of people who have done it before. My best friend did it the nite before, and encouraged me. I really wanted to, but I was scared. I thought that being paranoid before you did it would increase the chance of having a bad trip, however this was not true.
    
My one friend sells E so I knew I could trust the pill he was giving me. So there I was looking at the white pill w/ and 'E' marked on it. Contemplating on what to do I finally took it down w/ some water. Then my nite had begun. 
    
I wasn't feeling any different after 30 minutes went by so I was started feeling a little ancy. Then my friend suggested that we take a drive in his jeep through the back country roads. I was in the back seat waiting for the pill to kick in then finally the vibrations of the trans music in the jeep sounded sooo good. I LOVED THIS MUSIC! I never relized how awesome it sounded till then. MY body started to automatically move on its own, I couldnt keep my body still. I wanted a cigarette so bad. My friend handed me one and I slowly breathed it in, and felt how smooth it was trickling down my throat. Smoking never felt sooo good. Just then after 15 of not stopping, I felt really hot. So hot that I needed to get out of the jeep.  
    
I switched seats w/ my friend and sat in the front of the jeep. The lines on the road were really bright, and the jeep felt like it was floating through the sky. I gave my friend a BIG HUG and told him and her repeatedly for hours how happy I was. This incredible feeling of closeness, and love filtrated my body. Nothing could be wrong in the world. I loved everyone, and my friends in the jeep were the best people in the entire world. I talked nonstop and I couldnt shut up. 
    
I kept telling them how much I value their friednship, and my one friend looked amazingly adorable, I could not stop touching him. I relized just then that I was the luckiest person in the world for having such unbelievable friends like them. Everything was PERFECT.

Being with my two best friends made the trip a better one for me. I wanted to roll the first time at a big party or rave, but this experience was still worthwhile. I felt so close to everyone, and I was invincible. Nothing could go wrong, worries dissapeared. Rolling in a familiar environment and listening to trans was an experience no one could describe. IT was a nite I will never forget.