My first and only experience with LSD was during the summer of 1995. It was the best summer of my life, or maybe it just felt that way because I was stoned 24/7. If there was a day or two that I wasn't smoking weed my friends would jokingly say 'You took a day off from weed'.

My LSD 'trip' took place at a friend's house during a party, which in retrospect I now realize was not at all the proper place for such a powerful experience. The evening before my trip I had smoked marijuana and drank fairly heavy. The people I hung out with regularly drank booze like water. I was not used to guzzling alcohol. I woke up in the afternoon with the absolute worst hangover, along with a strong, 'dizzy' after effect of smoking weed. The dizzy feeling was obviously compounded by my hangover.

The trip:

I ingested 8 'hits' of LSD in the early to mid afternoon. I didn't notice anything right away except that I was feeling more nausea. At age 20 I wasn't the sharpest tool in the drawer. Physically, I was wiped out from my hangover. After ingesting the LSD I took a nap. I think I was starting to be thankful that the acid didn't seem to have any effect.

After my nap I got up from the bed upstairs. I immediately knew that something was different. I could think fairly well but I had great difficulty walking. It was as if my legs had 'forgotten' how to move. I found it was nearly impossible to get downstairs. I knew something was very different, but I did not understand why.

Downstairs, I continued to struggle with walking and coordination. I looked at my legs. They seemed very short like in a funhouse mirror. The floor looked 'lumpy' and seemed to shake and move when I walked. At this point I was realizing that these were some of the effects of the LSD that I had ingested hours earlier.

Another effect of the acid caught me totally by surprise. I tried to speak out loud but when I opened my mouth to talk, nothing but incoherent moaning. It was as if my vocal chords had 'forgotten' how to make speech! I was standing there moaning and staggering. I did NOT expect that sort of an effect. It was as if my body had forgotten how to walk and talk properly. My depth perception was also 'forgotten'. I could not judge distance at all! It took me a while to walk and talk in a reasonable manner.

The actual 'fun' part of the trip was when we turned on the music. I had always enjoyed music on weed but LSD turns everything into super high definition! High definition vision, high definition hearing, high definition tactile sensation, high definition everything! The experience of listening to music, in particular, is incredibly enhanced by acid.

Flashbacks/after effects:

I didn't have any flashbacks in the traditional sense. There were no 'cartoons' or hallucinations. However, there was one interesting after effect which lasted about 6 months to a year after the trip. Every so often I would get tingling sensations all over my skin along with mild dizziness, but nothing too serious.

This was the only time I ingested LSD.

[Reported Dose: "3 joints of Marijuana, 6 Beers, 5 shots of rum, 8 'hits' of LSD"]