I have always been a drug user.  I come from a family of heavy drinkers so this desire to experience an alternate reality is something I believe I was born with.  Funny thing is, I much prefer 'drugs' over drinking.

Anyway, my path through life has thrown many different substances my way including weed, coke, MDMA, and a variety of pills.  I have since eliminated everything (had a bad coke addiction that I was able to kick cold turkey) except for the tequila and the pot.  There were many times where I could have dabbled in other things but I never really had any real urge to try anything else except for Psychedelics.  Thing is, I never was able to find any and truth be told, I didn't really look that hard.

I believe the latter was a sign that I just wasn't ready to experience mushrooms or acid (or any other Psychedelic  for that matter) - I truly believe that.  Currently, I am in the best place I have ever been in my life and, as if a sign from the mushroom gods,  my plug threw 1.8g of shrooms into my 1/2 oz of bud.  To say I was excited is an understatement.  I was absolutely THRILLED and immediately began preparing for my first ever trip.

I did a TON of reading, learning and preparing as I wanted the experience to be something special.  I created a 6 hour Spotify playlist, I made sure I had plenty of water available and I enlisted my husband to be my sitter.  Unfortunately, because of his job, he could not join me on this journey but he was perfectly happy drinking his beer and playing video games.

I waited about 3 weeks after getting the shrooms to trip.  In that time, I ended up picking up another 10g from my plug.  I guess I was so amped I wanted to make sure I had some for the future so I wouldn't have to stress about scoring the next time I wanted to trip.  

As I said previously, I did a lot of reading and really wanted to try lemon tek but decided against it for my first trip.  Even though I had enough mushies to pretty much do whatever dose I wanted, I decided that 1.8g would be my first dose.  It felt wrong to do anything else as I feel like that is what the shroomie gods wanted.  

I choose a Friday and ate only a small sandwich at lunch so my stomach was pretty empty by the time I got home from work.  At 6:00pm on the dot I placed the first piece in my mouth and chewed.  The taste is - eh - not pleasant.  I love mushrooms in regular cooking and thought the taste would be similar but it is entirely its own thing.  Nothing else can compare - it is definitely a unique taste.  Washing it down with water was also a terrible idea and I abandoned that for OJ.  MUCH better choice!

Experience: I wasn't at all nervous or really anxious and it took about 30mins for me to start feeling something.  Not going to lie the come up was probably the most uncomfortable part.  I felt a warm body high and CEVs started almost immediately.  For about 45 mins to an hour I would say I felt sort of, lost?  Kind of like I really didn't know what I wanted to do.  Inside or outside?  Music or no music?  Sit or stand?  I also noticed that I had to pee a lot.  Or maybe it just seemed like a lot?  Anyway, that feeling did pass and that is when the open eye visuals started as well as this overwhelming feeling I can only describe as just beautiful.  The counter swirled, the bathroom floor traveled up my feet and wanted me to stay.  The ceiling became a kaleidoscope of free flowing shapes moving not only on the ceiling but towards me.  Reaching for me.  It was at this point I became unable to use my phone or really speak.  I didn't want to.  I put in my headphones, laid back on the couch and started my playlist.  WOW.  Never in my life have I ever experienced music, sound or words at that depth?  Level?  Not sure of the right word but it was so intense.  I felt WONDERFUL.  Every song felt like it went on for hours - every minute moved at a snail pace.  Time was frozen and the peak was INCREDIBLE.  I am not sure how to explain this in words but I have never felt so amazing in my entire life.  I did not have any kind of epiphany or ego death but I feel like I tapped into a part of my inner self that I was only now becoming aware of.

The peak I would say was at about 9pm-ish and the come down was easy and smooth.  I was still vibing and feeling amazing at 11:30pm.  It was at this point I smoked 2 bowls which I don't think really did anything.  I was able to fall asleep no problem and woke the next day still with that warm comfortable feeling in my body.  Total trip lasted about 5.5 to 6 hours.  If I had stayed up I imagine I could have vibed for much longer.

Conclusion: So there were a few things I and my husband noted during this experience that I wanted to mention.  First, I was incredibly cold although my body felt very hot.  It was in the 80s when I ate the first shroom and I ended the trip in sweatpants and a fleece zip up.  At about 10pm I started to 'feel' physically hot and only then did I take off the fleece.  

Secondly, my pupils did become like dinner plates but I like that.  Seeing my reflection in the mirror like that I dunno, feels good.  

Third, I was never really talkative or giggly.  Maybe only slightly during the come up but after that I only really spoke to my husband maybe once an hour when I'd get up to pee and tell him about this amazing song.  Other then that I preferred to stay in my head.  

Fourth, time pretty much slowed to nil.  My husband told me I kept saying during the come up "I can't believe it is only XX time!" or "Really?  Only 5 minutes have passed?  It feels like a lifetime went by!".  Also, every song, regardless of how many minutes it was, felt like it was hours long.  

Fifth, I have no physical desire to do them again but I DO have a mental desire.  The trip was AMAZING and seriously, I see no need to ever do any other drug.  I found what I was searching for all these years and I could not have asked for a more perfect first trip.  I never once had a negative or intrusive thought, I never once panicked or felt out of control or overwhelmed, I was not hungry or thirsty during the duration of the trip and I cannot WAIT to trip again!

