310ug fluff 9:30pm (1st @ 9:30) (2nd @ 11:30)

30min in - no real noticeable effects

90 min in - euphoria, had to stop playing cod keep forgetting I'm playing a live game. Going to start watching midnight gospel after a ciggie, emerging patterns feeling niiiice

120min in - drop another hit hooked on midnight gospel, it's just mind blowing how FUCKING ON POINT the writers are. Blowing my mind.

*from this point on I'm writing from memory

Got lost in 8 episodes of midnight gospel
It just spoke to me and I honestly learnt the way of the world

Puts us at roughly...

300mins in (5 hours) - stop watching tv, just getting too much for my brain, so just turn it off, quickly and quietly emerge from what I have turned into my acid palace (my bedroom at my parents house) to have a quick cigarette.

After the cigarette I came back and just layed down in bed... No lights on, just complete darkness. Honestly I have been extremely lost lately, finding my place in the world and knowing what I truly want. And tbh during that time I was laying there in the darkness I figured out, love was the answer. Love from everyone and everything and giving love to everyone and everything. There's a little part of us inside every single living thing on the planet.  Treasure each other, for we are all one and we are all in life together... For every passing moment you may not get another chance to do so.

6.5 hours in - Still having some pretty cool visuals just enjoying them under my led lights patterns are full of colour constantly morphing and I'm just feeling so content with what I've managed to ponder and really figure out. 

8 hours in losing myself in my thoughts, decided I would have a Valium (I always have a benzo handy especially if I'm embarking on a solo adventure.)

8.5 hours everything's less jaggered and a lot smoother, almost similar to a mushroom trip I've had. Everything was slowly coming to an end sitting around 6:30am suns up, and it's time for me to rest my brain. 

Woke up around 10am, not much sleep at all, but have a complete new lease on life, I've managed to work through my own head and I'm the happiest I've ever been.

