I went to the hill where I met my friends and went with them down to the local pub with some money to buy myself an eighth of weed from one of the dealers inside. We were in there for about half an hour, they were smoking their own stash, I hadn't opened mine yet because I was going to save it all for later on in the evening. All my friends told me I should smoke it now and I finally gave in. I opened up the bag and got a bud out. I then pulled my rizla out of my pocket, pulled a sheet out and tore off a bit of the lid to make a roach. I made myself a nice roach and put it in the left of the rizla. I then pulled small bits of my weed off the bud I had pulled out. I put them all into the rizla, making sure there was more weed to the end of the rizla so I could cone it properly. I then proceeded to roll a fat blunt :-)

I decided I didn't want to smoke it in the pub, so I put it in my tin and we all went back up to the hill where we usually hang out. When we arrived, I pulled out my blunt and sparked it up. I took my piece and then passed it round to my friends. Immediately I felt a warm sensation flood my body, and I started to feel far more relaxed and I started to be more talkative and less shy.
When we had finished the blunt, we all stood around and talked for a bit. After about five minutes, my friend Sam asked me if I wanted to goto the chippie down the road. I went with him into 'The Town Fryer' and purchased some chips. As I sat down I was looking at the window in front of me. It had some fake snow sprayed on it around the edges and around some of the stickers that had been placed on it. I noticed that someone had written 'HENRY' in the fake snow and it got me laughing. I was sitting there laughing for what seemed like ages. My friend Sam came and sat down next to me and asked what I was laughing at and I didn't tell him because I thought it would seem stupid. So we sat there and didn't say anything to eachother. Even though there was nothing particularly interesting going on at the time, everything seemed really interesting to me. I was thinking, thinking, thinking, and everything lead on to a thought, which turned into another thought. It was really great! I had to physically shake my head to get myself out of this trance of thought. I noticed that most of my chips had gone and that I was chewing on one at the time, so even while thinking and thinking, I was still eating my chips and not noticing it!

After we had both finished our chips, we walked out of the chippie and went back up to the hill. Most of our friends had already gone home, and there was only a few other people sitting down, skinning up and smoking some joints. I never smoke joints because I feel the tobacco ruins the effect of the weed. I think this may be because I don't smoke cigarettes and I'm not really used to smoking tobacco like I smoke weed.

After sitting with them for a bit, and having a deep conversation with them, I looked at the time and realised I had to be home. I got up and walked down to the bus stop and waited for my bus. Even waiting for my bus seemed like fun because I was just thinking of things all the time until my bus came along. I got on my bus and paid for my ticket. I sat at the back and started thinking again. I was thinking so deeply, that I nearly forgot to press the button to make the driver stop at my stop. I managed to press the button and the bus stopped. I walked out and thanked the driver and proceeded to walk home... thinking all the way.
When I got home, I said hello to my parents, and walked up the stairs. I laid on my bed and closed my eyes.
I woke up the next morning and I was in my pyjamas, under the sheets. Even though I had been wearing my jeans and shirt and a belt that was fiddly to undo, I had still managaed to take it all off, put my pyjamas on, and get under the sheets. I don't remember any of this, so I must have done it in my sleep while still quite stoned.

This was the best time I have ever had on weed. It was also the first time I had ever smoked a blunt. So from then on, I never smoke joints... only blunts... Blunts are the way forward!

UPDATE----

Now I think about it, a few things I have missed out in that report. I remembered some of the effects that I haven't mentioned yet.

When I was sitting in the chippie, I was noticing that all the things I was looking at were going really slowly and if I looked from one place to another, it took a while for me to see what I was looking at. Also, I was looking at people walking past and thinking about their own lives, how different they were from mine, and then I realized that I had just planned out their lives for them... I had thought of that their partners would look like, their parents... what they would do for a job, what they were doing in town that night. Everyone I was looking at, all these thoughts came into my head. It wasn't overwhelming though, it was just nice. I could have stopped thinking at any time, but I didn't want to. If someone had started talking to me, then I could have come out of the trance and talked to them quite easily, without worrying about saying the wrong thing.

The thing I remember about sitting there the most is how I couldn't feel the chair I was sitting on, I couldn't feel the table I was leaning on, and I couldn't feel the temperature of the room I was in. It was as if I was just in my own little bubble around me and I couldn't hear what anyone else in the chippie were saying. I was just sitting there, it was just me and nobody else in that chippie, and I felt great.

Sorry I posted 2 experiences, but I started reading other people's experiences and I realised that I had missed some of the feelings I had while sitting in the chippie.