##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

I had done mushrooms once in my life, I only ate about 2 grams. I'm a pretty hardcore druggie, so it didnt do much for me, besides make my sponge painted walls look pretty cool. Besides that colors just looked a little moor vibrant. So, when my boy friend ian got a hold of 7 ounces, I decided to take a lot more.  I ate a 5 gram cap at first, and after about 10 minutes I decided to eat 5 more grams of a combination of stems and caps.

About and hour later, ian and I were watching fear and loathing in las vegas (the ultimate drug movie) and I glanced over at my smashing pumpkins poster on the wall, it appeared that the letters were moving around, getting bigger and smaller, it seemed to be sparkling.  Again, my walls looked amazing. I looked at ian and started laughing, he said my pupils were really big, even though he had only eaten half of what I had eaten, he said the effects were coming on pretty strong for him. And thats when my night took a turn for the worst. I started feeling overwhelmed, when I burried my head in my pillow, it looked like there was another world inside of it, the shrooms fully kicked in while my face was still in the pillow. When I finally lifted me head up, my room was just one big blur... This is when the psychological effects started kicking in. Everyone says shrroms are like LSD minus the paranoia.  But believe me, this was nothing like acid. I felt like there was something else in the room with us, I couldnt figure out what it was though. Then I realized, it was the light.  There was a radiant light coming from the corner of my room, it was telling me to show ian how to see it. (whatever that means!) I started blacking out. I felt something grab me b y the shoulders, it took me a few minutes to realize it was ian.. I told him I didnt think I was going to make it, and even if I did survive this terrifying trip, things would never be the same for me.

It was very fair to say I took to much. I Tried to get up and automatically fell over. Ian took me outside. Despite the complete terror I was in, going outside did make it better. The sky looked beautiful. I looked at the grass and it looked like it was smoking. We sat down and smoked a cigarette, for some reason I felt like the catapillar from alice in wonderland. Looking at ians face is had letters and numbers zooming across it. I finally started to come down, and we went inside, I heard beats of bass in my head, voices, music. All I wanted in the whole world was to go to bed and have this maddness end. It took an hour and 20 mins. To kick in, I felt the full effects 15 mins. After that... Unfortunately, my plateau was 5 and a half hours, and come down was about an hour or two.

I Will NEVER shroom again, I hated it.

AiMEE