Mind Blowing Trip on 8 Grams of Mexi Cubensis 

I have been smoking weed since the age of 14, experimented with random drugs constantly, and had various trips throughout my life. I have been known to experience extreme paranoia and schizoid episodes with cannabis use. Despite this, I am also known as a raging stoner who smokes a RIDICULOUS amount if resources are available. Finally got my hands on some good mushrooms, Mexi cubensis variety. I have taken Shrooms roughly ten times and never had a bad trip before this. 

My state of mind at the time was shaky because of covid 19 and from having a DUI where I had to be at home with my parents while waiting for court. Unable to smoke bud, I resort to taking small amount of shrooms. This particular instance I wanted to get really high, so while playing computer games and chatting online to people about shrooms, I lost count of how much I was eating, I weighed the bag later and 8 grams were missing. I ate shrooms after shroom, not thinking much about it. The trip started off light, and I had a body buzz with mild distorted visuals. Slowly but surely I began to feel paranoia creeping in as the body buzz was now intense and I had this feeling of my body being almost on fire and burning hot with unexplainable sensation shooting through my upper torso. Then I started thinking about all the negative things happening in the world like covid, my car crash and how I was living at home with my parents. Then my mom walked in, she is completely anti drugs and freaks out even if I smoke a hit of pot. She didnt suspect anything and was just seeing if I wanted to come watch a movie with the family, I said no, but I was so scared she would notice I was tripping my ass off. While she was talking to me the whole scene exploded into a version of the light speed millenium falcon scene from star wars except it was in multiple colors and kaleidescope vision. I tried to keep it together and thankfully she left. 

I still had these intense weird body feelings with extreme visuals by now. I decided I needed to take a shower to get my mind straight, maybe the water would bring me to reality. I was wrong. The shower water felt great and calmed me down for about 1 minute. Next thing I remember all these uncontrollable thoughts about parallel dimensions and I got the feeling I was about to fall into some portal to the netherworlds. At this moment I opened my eyes as I was thinking in my head eyes closed, I saw the walls moving like something from super mario 64 paintings. They started tilting toward me and forming bubbles that grew and shrank. It was time to get out of the shower. I spent several minutes recollecting myself and saying "I'm okay just gotta stay calm and play a game or something." I dried off put some clothes and decided to play some N64 on my new surround sound speakers I had just set up. Perfect! This was the highlight of my trip, I put in the game Cruisn Exotica, and started playing the level with the buddah statues. As soon as I heard the music I was blasted into another dimension, the music was pouring out of the speakers, I could literally see the music! It was rainbow colored liquid and it had several deeper layers to the sound that was absolutely mystifying, the sound was incredible on these speakers. I continued to play as the alien character and remember thinking how I can relate to this character more in this state of mind. The trip leveled off into a pretty pleasant experience and when I finally went to sleep I was still tripping hard as I would open my eyes and see huge bubbles of wall coming off the walls and then going back into them like my wall was slowly boiling, It was super intense. 

I woke up the next day feeling strange still but no visuals. Note that I only ate candy during this time and I drank like ten glasses of water to try and flush the shrooms out after I realized I had taken an uncomfortable amount. Nothing would stop the effects so I just rode with it and it ended up being really awesome although it was a bit scary.