My Experience with Lemon Tek

Male
Age 34
Weight 200 lbs
Empty stomach 

How to Lemon Tek
Step 1.
Pulverize or crush up selected amount of dried mushrooms (I used roughly 3 grams)
Step 2.
Soak pulverized mushrooms in lemon or lime juice for 15-30 minutes
Step 3.
Brew a cup of ginger tea
Step 4.
Strain mushrooms from lemon juice and add lemon juice to tea.
Step 5. 
Consume hot/warm tea (not boiling hot) as quickly as comfortably possible.
Step 6. 
Sit back, relax, and prepare for your trip. Onset with this tek takes as little as 10 minutes. 

TL:DR
I performed this tek early one morning after waking up so I would have an empty stomach. I normally experience gas/bloating/stomach discomfort when I consume raw psilocybin mushrooms. This method prevented me from experiencing any discomfort. 

As stated above, the onset of the effects took very little time and came on very strong. The duration also was much shorter than I expected. I was back to normal after 4 hours. The strongest effects had dissipated after 2h30m. 

Set, setting, and intentions: 
For this trip I meditated beforehand and made my intentions for my journey. I focused on personal growth. I want to become better, more loving, more dedicated to my partner and to the people in my life. I focused on the love I have for my partner. I focused on gratitude and how I want to be a better son to my parents. 

Experience:
I drank my tea as quickly as I could while sitting on a chair in my bedroom. I installed a black light in my light fixture to help set the mood. Dark but giving light so I could get out of bed if necessary. I rose from my chair to switch on the black light and I turned off the white light. I crawled into bed. After getting comfortable and donning my noise canceling headphones I switched them on, played no music, and laid still in complete silence. 

After 10 minutes of laying in the black light filled room, in complete silence, with my eyes closed, and my hands covering my eyes I felt it kick it. The wave of psilocin hit my body and my mind like a ton of bricks. My body began to feel heavy, weighed down. Another pulse of energy swept over my body from my abdomen to my head. I began to breath heavily and began to see imagines in my mind. The closed eye visuals began. I saw geometric patterns/shapes moving parallel to one another in opposite directions. I began to see small imagines filling the spaces between the shapes. I turned to my side and with my eyes open and a shadow forming on the wall from the lights I began to see tiny sugar skull drawings form a pattern/print and fill the spaces/shapes I saw from the shadow. 

I began to think about life. I thought about what I could do to become the person I want to be. How can I love my family and my partner more fully. I realized the answer before I thought of the question. I realized it's not what I need to do, what I need to stop doing. 

I need to stop interrupting people when they are speaking. I need to listen at level 1 and not offer advice when someone is telling me a story or a problem. I will make observations and ask questions to clarity if I am unsure. I will refrain from offering advice and just listen. 

I need to stop consuming pornograpy at the current rate. Usage will be a scaled back with an end goal of zero usage. 

I also thought of memories I had long forgetting. Past relationships. How I treated them. Learning from mistakes in hopes of not repeating them. This current relationship is the last one. I want to and will marry my partner.

By this time 33 minutes had lapsed. I kept thinking about the people in my life, the journey I have lead. My job. My career. 

I would like to circle back to my physical state. I felt cold and clammy. I was wearing sweatpants with a fleece jacket. I needed to take of my socks as my feel felt hot but then felt cold again almost immediately.  I kept my socks off and laid in bed in the fetal position. 

I turned the black lights off fairly early. The light became more annoying than helpful. Without my glasses on I could only see fuzzy/blurry shadows. This did nothing to enhance the visuals or high of mushrooms. I wanted to focus on myself. I rose from bed and made the couple short steps to turn off my light. I was successful and quickly climbed back into bed. 

I laid in bed, tossing and turning every so often up until 1h45m~2h. 

I wanted to continue the journey and was open to suggestions. I downloaded several self help style audio books. I decided to turn on and listen to "Listening:The forgotten skill" by Madelyn Burley-Allen. 

My focused turned from the audio book to work. This lasted until the 2h30m mark. At that point I got up to use the restroom, I made more tea than I should have. 

I went to the bathroom and washed my hands. I then proceeded to stare at myself in the mirror for several minutes. Taking note of my pysical attributes, my features, my imperfections, my need for a hair cut. I left the bathroom, I went back to the bedroom to grab my phone 

I left the comfort and safety of my bedroom, walked down the hallway, and greeted my parents for the first time that day. 

I sat on the couch and made idle chit chat with my parents. I tried to limit my speech with my parents as I was afraid I would start laughing uncontrollably. We spoke about how each other slept, which shows we wanted to watch, and our plans for the day. 

My dog jumped on the couch next to me. She was happy as could be. Head held high, tail wagging, enjoying the pets I was all to happy to give out. She let me love on her and snuggle her for about 15 minutes before she got bored and went outside. 

Around the 4 hour mark I had returned to my normal self. I wasn't buzzing, I wasn't high, I wasn't tripping. I was safely grounded back on planet earth. 

Overall it was a successful trip. At times it was unpleasant and uncomfortable. At other times it was very euphoric. The feeling of relief after a heavy sigh would wash over me from time to time. 

Lemon Tek
Ease of use: 4&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;
This took a couple extra steps compared to just eating the dried mushrooms whole at one time. The process was simple, tasty, and extremely effective. 

Effects: 5&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734; 
The effects came on very fast and very hard. It was exactly what I want out of a spiritually journey. 

Length of trip: 4&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;&#9734;
This trip was much shorter compared to eating raw psilocybin mushrooms 

Pros:
•No gastrointestinal pain or discomfort. 
•Drinking yummy tea
•shorter duration allowed me to resume my normal life much quicker 

Cons:
•Need to be patient and let mushrooms sit in citrus long enough. 
•easy set up but quite time consuming
•drank tea too fast and didn't enjoy as much as I would have liked
•Fast onset of effects was a little overwhelming.