After two times using mushrooms with friends, I decided to up my dosage and see what I could explore on my own. Previously only taking 1.75 and 2 grams, 3 was a larger dosage for me. 

I was in my own house where I live with 2 brothers and my parents, but my mother was gone for the evening and no one else would bother me. I was fully open and prepared for whatever experience could be thrown at me. I mixed them in with a bowl of ice cream and ate half of it before going to the bathroom. I sat on the toilet where I began to feel warm and light, as if my body had less weight to it. I watched videos on my phone and was more entertained than usual. I ended up sitting there for an hour before returning to my room and finishing the ice cream. From there I sat in my room watching things and surfing the internet, all while my mind was racing. 

I only had slight visual hallucinations, with things growing in size as I'd stare and at one point the person on my television's face began shaking, but these subsided an hour or so after finishing the other half of my dosage. I was comparing almost everything I saw to real life problems people face, taking everything as symbolism for the pitfalls of humanity. For instance, I watched the comedy show "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" and labeled the characters as different evils that could corrupt you, and over analyzed the psychology behind their actions. I was sorting good and evil at incredible speeds within my head. However, because I ate the other half of my mushrooms an hour after the first half, this extended the trip well past the time I thought it would go. I ended up trying to go to bed, but with my mind still racing I couldn't. I started to feel trapped within my own body, that I was a superior intelligence, but I would forever be stuck as a human. I felt like my brain was plugged into a super computer, and I was able to interpret everything with pure reason and logic. I don't know if it was my poor air conditioning, but I felt very hot and the need to claw at my skin, which I hesitantly didn't. It took 2 hours to fall asleep, and the trip was 10 hours in total.