It was a friday night and my mother was out of town. Now, normally, me & my friends only used to smoke some weed & make some bad jokes when I'm home alone. But this time my friend Snake had hooked up 30 g's of mexican mushrooms. Well, I never knew anyone who did mushrooms before & I didnt know about the effect. Neither did anyone of us. We were 4 friends sitting in my moms living room, listening to some GOA & just smoking weed. 

After about 2 hours the weed started knocking off so we decided to eat the mushrooms. I didnt know how much u were suppose to take the first time I took em or in which enwoirement. (or how-ever-its-spelled). So I first ate 4 g's. The weed effect still was in, so after ½ hour I thought this was the mushroom effect. I got disapointed. So did my friends. So we ate the other mushrooms. 4 g's more. Oh man. Biggest mistake ever. 

First I started to feel funny in a weird way. Everything started to feel blurry & my body started slowly feeling more like liquid. I started to floating of the sofa. Down to the floor. The walls and roof starting to look like water. Like waves. I got very afraid. I couldnt move. My body was useless. Suddenly the roof started to fall down. Closer & closer to me. I screamed: 'Oh my god, look at the roof! What's going on?!' My friends just laughed, they seemed to enjoy their mushrooms trip. I'm not suprised though. They are bigger & more positive than me. Suddenly the music started to feel funny. It was like I WAS the music. The music took over my body, second by second. And minute by minute. Every second was like a minute. And every minute was like a second.

The whole feeling of time was gone to me.

The whole feeling of my body, didnt exist.

Then I panicked. Got up from the floor (I dont remember how) and started to run for the bathroom. I thought to myself that a hot nice bath would be just perfect. I was dead wrong.

I started the water & got in to the tub. Just when I was taking my first step into it. Everything just went... Wrong. It just said 'blaow' inside my head & everything seemed like water. Now for real. I can't explain the feeling. 

So I fell down to the tub, having no balance the water started slowly filling tub. I couldnt move. At this moment I knew I was gonna drown. The water didnt look like normal water. It had funny colors & in some way it just did hate me. Luckely enough my friend came in to the bathroom & asked me what the hell I was doing? Sitting there, fully dressed & just nodding my head in all directions. It turned out, I hadnt turned on the water. It was just in my head. Funny feeling. So he helped me up & got me out to the living room , where my friends where sitting & laughing & just enjoying it. At that moment I felt a bit better. But no... Hell no... It was not over yet by far.

So I sat down. Feeling kinda okay. But this mushroom trip came in waves. Some nice. Some bad. Currently mine before was a 'nice'. All the sudden, my body weight at least 10000 pounds. I couldnt move, couldnt talk, I couldnt close my eyes, even thou I wanted to. I saw rats running backwards all over the floor. Looking at me with dog eyes. Like they wanted something from me. I couldnt figure out what. But then I suddenly thought they wanted my life. My soul. I started to scream again. 'Take away the rats man! They wanna eat my souuuuul!'. My friends, bastards as they are, just laughed at me. I panicked. 

My friends started to realize that my trip really was bad, so they decided to help me. They told me everything was gonna be okay, And that if I only really wanted to, the trip could be nice. I started to believe them and everything felt better. I could move again. So I got up & drank a sport drink with lots of vitamins & stuff. That really helped. I ate a lot of health shit and the 'bad trip' started to lay off. Suddenly I was back to normal. I thought it had been at least 3-4 hours. It had gone 1½ hour.

