Extra Bumpy Mescaline Cactus Bike Ride

Bolivian Torch Cactus (Trichocereus Bridgesii)

0:00 
I miserably gulped the mescaline "tea" over the course of an hour. It was gelatinous, thicker than gravy and tasted like something you skim off the top of a stagnant pond. It was the gnarliest thing I've done to trip, but I tried not to make a big deal of it, I didn't want the spirit of grandpa cactus to get self conscious. 

1:00
Almost immediately after I finished it I wanted to puke, my stomach contents becoming my mouth contents twice. I heartily swallowed it back down, looking in the mirror with teary eyes, wondering why I do this to myself. I sat on the toilet and folded over feeling like a spaced out piece of shit. I took a shower but it didnt make me feel better. 

2:10
I puked, duked, and scooped my gear for the bike ride. It took about 50 trips through the house to make sure I had everything. I looked out my window and there are a million birds in the front yard (not a hallucination, I took a video). My sister came home and I made awkward conversation before getting on my bike. As soon as I started I began to feel better. Once I got to the forest trail I knew I was a little fucked up.

2:35
I got a ways in and pulled out my silicone bubbler pipe. The forest is breathing gently. I open my bubbler up and see mold all over the stem. Fuck, I don't have anything else to smoke from and I can't go back now. Well, when has a little mold ever hurt anybody /s. I smoked a fat bowl and held it. Another one and every tree, shrub and stone is magnified by three. 

I could kind of see the leaves turning into those swirls you see in japanese zen paintings. I was so drawn into what I was seeing and I felt so small amongst the enormity of the forest. I felt like a child in a vast jungle. There was minimal geometry, subtle color enhancement but everything just looked pristine and massive. I thought for a moment maybe I'm too loaded to get back on, but that's just the weed talking. 

2:45
I get back on and holy shit it feels like I'm in a VR video game because I just can't believe the world looks like this. It looks like skyrim on the most decked out PC.

I am constantly snapped out of my day dream when I hit more intense parts of the trail. It feels like somebody turned the difficulty to extra hard and extra bumpy. I also couldn't tell where to turn my wheels because every little rock and root looked massive. Occasionally I hit bumps that make me feel like I blew a hemmerhoid. I resisted the urge to check if I shit myself, my anus feeling alive when normally I have no concept of its existence, like I could feel the blood flowing through it. I never realized what a pounding my ass was taking on this bumpy trail before cactus.

3:45
I understand why people compare cactus to MDMA because there was a very "rolly" feel to this. I went from moments of anxiety to moments of supreme ease. The anxiety was justified and from now on I will be sure to never leave cactus residue on my cookware. I felt weak and tired due to fasting all day. When I stopped to sit down on the boulder I usually do the forest sounded very hostile and I had zero desire to rest. I continued until I got to the turn around point. 

I had only brought an orange with me, but it seemed like a magnificent thing to eat at this moment. I pulled it out and tore off its skin. I began to eat it and noticed how thick and strong the orange seemed. Like I could really acknowledge that I was eating something living. The orange looked sinister, bloated and maggotous. I briefly wondered what kind of gene splicing this poor specimen had undergone, what kind of nefarious experimentation had it endured. Then I thought what an ignorant thing to think about when there are people who really do have to eat maggots. 

I spat it into my hand twice because I thought I'd eaten some of the peel given how strong and dense it tasted. It was nothing but orange. I put in back in my mouth, like a damn monkey. Boy I must have been a sight but fortunately there aren't many who venture as deep into the woods as I. 

5:15
I went home uneventfully. When I got home I was alone. Trippy videos didn't seem to do much. My sister's friend who's staying with us arrived and I had a very freeing, occasionally spacey conversation with her. I apologised for things she might have took wrong from years ago. She did not make me feel bad about being high, she actually seemed very interested in this side of me (in a non sexual way).

It actually was very therapeutic, at moments I almost cried due to the topics we covered. Then I felt I was misunderstood right at the end and I spent like 2 hours writing her a message for her to read in bed that could not be misunderstood. That was good for our friendship but bad for the trip. 

8:15
I hit some whippits and that was pretty cool. Overall it was a good trip, just need to plan a touch better next time and maybe spice it up with a bit of MET.