LSD or How to Learn About Myself

After reading all these experiences it made me want to share one of the many experiences I had with LSD or acid as we called it.  I have to say that I was lucky and always stayed within the limits of reasonable dosage when using acid.  This fact is probably the reason why my usage of acid had a rather positive effect on my life.  

It was summer, I was about 15 or 16 at the time.  Me and my buddy Francis have already done acid a few times before.  In other words it was one of the first times I tripped on this.  I came to his house around 5 or 6 PM.  He already had the acid and was ready to drop it.  So we did.  

After half an hour or so I started feeling queasy an anxious.  A little time after that I started to laugh like crazy for no apparent reasons; basically I just looked at my buddies face (and he was so stoned!) and started to laugh and laugh...it was really funny.  After this insane laughing trip I started looking at some books and thats when the visuals kicked in.  It made no sense.  The letters were moving back and forth fucking up my perception.  At one point I thought I was reading thoughts from my unconscious.  I was amazed by this feeling...overwhelmed I would say.  I felt like a... Recipient of ice cream, and I could dig inside myself, digging out secrets I didn't know of but were there after all.  After putting the book down I started to see things which made me ecstatic.  I had visions of big city landscapes.  I could see it clearly; buildings and skyscrapers in front of me in a distance.  And this is kinda funny 'cause a couple of years later I moved out in the big city...kinda strange.  

After a few hours my buddy got tired of me and kicked me out.  So I called up my dad and he came and picked me up.  The ride home was hell: my father was casually talking to me as I was seeing the street lights growing bigger and bigger.  Everything was kinda yellowish and the light poles were deformed.  I also had the feeling that the car was going very slowly but it as rolling at a normal pace.  

Finally when I came home my dad went to bed but I was still wide awake.  The rest of the trip was in my room.  At first the ceiling fan made me trip for awhile.  Then colors in the ceiling started to appear.  But the thing that made me trip the most is when I passed in front of the mirror.  I stopped and looked at my face only to realize it wasn't my face!  And it was constantly changing. Faces of people I never seen before appeared in the mirror with a kaleidoscope effect.  Then my face morphed and melted.  

When I think about this trip and any other acid trip I made in my life; it always made me realize something about myself or our beautiful mother earth or the universe.  This particular trip made me see I had a changing personality.  Which is true.  As I grow older I can't help but realize that I am an unstable human being constantly changing and evolving...Anyways every trip was a revelation.  I love it and I can't wait the proper moment to do it again!