For the past 6 weeks I've been insufflating Ketamine before bed on a nightly basis. It soon became apparent that I was getting dependent and needed to stop. Tonight was the first night I would be going without any K.

I decided to have a small amount of DMT, 17mg to be more accurate. Just for a buzz and to take my mind off the nagging thought of having some Ketamine. I would call myself an experienced DMT user, having smoked it countless times over the last 4 or so years in various doses.

I got into bed, pipe in hand. With no intention of blasting off, I was relaxed and free from anxiety. Psytrance playing quietly on the telly. Lights were out except from the TV and the glow from my phone which was placed on my chest so I could see the smoke filling the bowl.

There was some remaining DMT residue in the pipe from my last trip 6 days ago but as my last dose was miniscule I assumed it would not be any issue, considering tonight was a meager 17MG.

I took my lighter and began to vaporize the DMT and after one long heavy hit I soon realised I was in for a ride. I didn't need another hit, I was immediately filled with dread and fear as I reached out to lay the pipe down on the slate beside me and after about 15 seconds I was suddenly being greeted by a group of entities from another dimension. No tunnel of geometric patterns, just instant teleportation.

We were able to communicate through telepathy and they told me the music I could hear was fine and it wasn't being played by them. There was a 'leader' and he was telling and showing me things and they were really nice, welcoming and happy to see me.

The whole time I was open mouthed thinking THIS IS INSANE.

My time with them was up and I felt like I was going backwards and looked as if I was on a driveway to a house, the other side of a small iron gate and there was a half animal half man pushing a shopping trolley, dancing and wearing a dress who closed it behind me. I found this hilarious.

(I have seen this house and gate multiple times before, on much higher doses. I've never been allowed through it as far as I know and have always been met by men with animal heads guarding it and giving me the middle finger.)

I opened my eyes and I was back in the bedroom, the tv playing Astrix at the Ozora Festival and was intensely morphing the crowd of people there.

The moment I came back to reality I could not remember the details, what 'they' looked like, what I was told and shown but the experience filled me with so much energy and excitement that I didn't care. I remembered fragments and felt compelled to jot them down and share them here. The thought of Ketamine completely removed from my subconscious. For now at least.

This is one of my all time memorable experiences that DMT has given me thus far. Truly a fascinating and mind boggling molecule

Now,  our language cannot even begin to explain the true experience of a DMT 'trip' but I have tried to convey it to my best primitive ability, as short as it is and of course, there are intricate details that become lost forever.

Thank you for reading, take care and happy travels.