My perception of reality and self changed forever today, beyond anything I could have expected. This was my first ever experience with any psychedelic, I've never even smoked, but have been intensely curious about DMT since watching "The Spirit Molecule" documentary a couple of years ago.

My two psychonaut friends and I were completely unprepared equipment-wise, so we conjured up the worst bottle-bong you could imagine and set it to one side.

I switched the lights off, lit a couple of candles, burned some incense and we all meditated to Buddhist chants for an hour or so, this sound is now deeply embedded in me, forever.

Once I felt relaxed enough I took two big hits of DMT vapour with the assistance of my friends. Within seconds I experienced the very new and somewhat unsettling feeling of losing my grip on this reality, but my friends thankfully encouraged me to take yet another big hit before sinking back into the couch.

The first thing I noticed was the room turning gold, then I watched as it seemed to move through time, the furniture and decor fluidly morphing as if the experience was showing me how it was decorated by previous tenants.

Then, I developed the sensation of feeling sound as heat. The speaker, playing the Buddhist chants, was on my left and I could feel the sound heating my left arm and face with intensity as if I was sitting beside a halogen heater.

I looked to my right, where my friend was sitting beside me on the couch and realised that he'd transformed to a perfect clone of me, just sitting there, staring into space, but unbelievably "real" and solid. All of this while I felt completely sober and present.

As the DMT pulled the final thread connecting me to my body I finally closed my eyes and found myself in a dark room. I could feel the presence of other beings there, but we seemed to be unaware of each other. I looked up and there it was, the tunnel "out" commonly discussed and portrayed in artwork, and at the top of this tunnel was what I can only describe as a bright, cartoonish sun-face.

I immediately had the overwhelming feeling that this place is far more real than the "reality" I'm used to and that I was breaking some kind of universal law by witnessing it, it felt forbidden. I was fascinated, but slightly on-edge in case someone or something caught me there.

I got a strong, welcoming feeling that the sun-face wanted me to come up through the tunnel, and every time I tried to completely surrender to the experience I'd feel euphoria and rise a little closer to the top.

I didn't manage to reach the top of the tunnel during this first trip, instead slowly returning to my body and friends as the DMT wore off, but my life has forever changed.