Another ceremony, this time with two close friends. As always, I prepared the proper set and setting, with the lights off, candles lit, incense burning and the same meditation chant playing which was embedded within me during my first DMT experience. We meditated for an hour or so, by which time we felt as ready as is possible to proceed with the ceremony.

I picked up "The Machine", heated the copper mesh then dropped around 35mg of freebase DMT on to it, which dissolved into the mesh nicely as expected. I set it aside and spent a few more minutes clearing my mind and setting my intentions, which weren't very specific, I just wanted to come away having learnt something.

Once I felt ready, I placed the machine to my lips, brought the flame close to the mesh and started to draw, causing a thick plume of DMT vapour to fill the machine, which I inhaled. Then again. Then once more. I sank back into the couch with that familiar feeling of completely surrendering possession of my body.

I closed my eyes and immediately found myself in a realm I had never visited before. I was outside in a sunny, colourful, almost semi-cartoonish village inhabited by numerous entities. At a guess, I'd say at least 50 or so who just appeared to be happily living out their lives.

I looked around and realised that I was standing on one side of a wooden rope bridge, hanging between two castle-like structures. Loitering in the middle of the bridge was an entity who just appeared to be relaxing, peacefully gazing over the village.

This entity appeared to consist of some kind of semi-transparent energy, and although it didn't have facial features the entity soon turned to face me, conveying the message "Hello. I've not seen you before. You can follow me", and so I did. We walked across the bridge together, towards the other castle-like structure.

On arriving at the other side I looked over the edge of the bridge to my right, there was a small fenced garden area down on the ground with what felt like an older male entity watching over a "pet". The pet was what I can only describe as a large semi-transparent energy worm which resided inside of a transparent box which seemed made to fit perfectly around its body. This is evidently quite difficult to explain.

I looked back up and realised that the entity who guided me across the bridge had vanished. Perhaps into the castle structure, I'm not sure. I was far too preoccupied observing this bizarre boxed energy-worm creature.

Now alone, I looked up to the sky and shouted "PLEASE TEACH ME. TEACH ME!". This was a mistake.

Immediately after shouting, the entire sky of this realm transformed into countless decorative, colourful, slowly-waving hands, each of which had an eye in the palm. The atmosphere continued to be peaceful and friendly but I felt that the hands were amused and somehow giggling at me, waving "Goodbye friend! Until next time".

I opened my eyes, and I was back, only able to chuckle to myself about my mistake and how the realm reacted to it.