I see ketamine as the prototypical drug of late-stage capitalism. Its ingestion provides a psychoactive dissociation that is difficult to characterise, body movements become hyper-mechanical, at higher doses thoughts become bizarre, alogical, and discombobulated - resembling the abstract nature of life in a capitalist void.

Two days ago I ingested 60mg ketamine intranasally; beside from the expected dissociative effects I appeared tranquil and at ease. My accommodation building felt maternal, the female tannoy-voice of the elevators resembled an apathetic and gluttonous mother-hog that was devouring little students and spitting them out on to the other floors. I stepped into the lift, satiating her appetite, and she spat me out as though I was excrement on a floor below. I then had a period of deja vu, in which I recalled having a dream about the event I was just experiencing, and then had a thought that I also had in the dream, a meta-deja vu. I wrote in my diary for some time but it made no coherent sense, not even in the Joycean sense, it had no meaning to me nor was it an expression of my unconscious, I just enjoyed the feeling of the pen to paper.

My friends invited me to smoke some Cannabis and cured Nicotiana tobacum, I gladly accepted and fell deeper into a withdrawn quietude. I sneezed a mucoid ketamine-snot sling from my nostril that landed into my copy of TiHKAL that I was reading. I retired to my bedroom to escape the bustle of my kitchen.

I gorged my nostrils in some more special K, which was not weighed, and lay on my bed. I began to see darkness enveloping my visual field as though I was approaching the vanishing point of my consciousness, with a crescendo of a cosmic tinnitus enveloping me. I opened my eyes and saw a person laying next to me, they appeared translucent, their face transmogrified into different people from my accommodation continuously. I glanced forward and saw a pair of twins seductively waving their arms towards me.

HEY TWINS!

I said with a hint of familiarity as though I knew these people well, not taking a moment to realise I was conversing with hallucinatory friends. I then fell asleep, content that I was surrounded by the dancing twins, and safely wrapped up after being hushed by the maternal elevator tannoy.

LIFT IS GOING DOWN......