So some background, I had a pretty regular day at uni. I bought some MDMA, some ketamine and a couple of tabs from a local dealer. I had never seen MDMA like this before, it was straight up a 1g rock. Like chipped straight off of a big fat rock. It looked incredible, I couldn't wait to try it.

I told myself that I was only gonna try a little, as I had labs the next day. So I walked into my room and pulled it out. I broke off a small piece (I reckon about 100mg), and necked it with some water. Within about 20 minutes I was high as shit. Higher than I ever had been on this substance. I was freezing, my eyes were stretched open and my whole body was experiencing mental pleasure all over. I remember taking some photos of my massive eyes and my shit eating grin. My ex called me up and we spoke on the phone literally for about 3 hours. We had the best conversation ever; really open and honest. Music sounded orgasmic; I remember listening to Tool like it was the first time I'd heard them. 

Eventually my brain just told me; you need more. So I kept chipping away bit by bit until half of the rock was gone. The pleasure was mental now. I kept moving around my room, doing push ups and sit ups because my muscles tingled when I did them. After a while things started to get weird.

I saw a face come out of the wall in my peripheral vision. It was a weird cartoony face, and it looked like a water colour painting. I could only see it in the corner of my eye. I told my ex I'd call her the next day and I hung up. That's when a similar, more detailed image came out of my box car racer poster on my wall; again, only in my periphery. It was a woman pouring a drink over a bar. It looked like a friend of mine, and it wouldn't go away. I took a picture of the wall and of course there was nothing there, so I kept telling myself that this wasn't real. I listened to some more music and that's when the Harrington jacket on my wall started moving back and forth. I couldn't ignore it, it looked totally real. It started moving into spaces in the wall that didn't exist. That's when I saw a face in the lining. It was only two lines for eyes and a set of teeth made out of the same lines; but it was angry at me. It kept shaking its head and grinding its teeth. Every time I spoke to it, it shook his head violently. Eventually I mustered up the courage to take it off the wall and throw it onto my bed. It looked SO angry with me, and that's when all of the clothes in my room started breathing, up and down.  I told myself again that this wasn't real, and I went to go and piss. Of course it took me forever, but I eventually managed to. I saw shadow children run past my bathroom door constantly too; it wasn't fun in the slightest. At this point it was time for me to go to labs, and my eyes were smaller, but I still felt high.

The labs went fine, and I went home on the bus after. I kept falling asleep and waking back up, and that's when I saw the grim reaper floating outside the window. Very cartoonish again, and it only lasted for a few seconds. Once I got home, the clothes were still breathing but a lot less now. I crashed on my bed and slept for 8 hours. Afterwards I had really bad sleep paralysis for three days where I was floating around, and I had some mild hallucinations of weird tubes on the bus, but after that I was totally fine again. 

This was straight up stimulant psychosis. My tolerance was low as I had last done it a month and a half earlier, and this was VERY pure shit. I urge you to start slow, and to not overdo it like I did. The hallucinations I can get on MDMA aren't always nice. Nowadays I get very nice and interesting ones; similar to psychedelics, but this was straight up delirium.