DMT: Trip Report

When I arrived, they were mocking me. I was laughing about it having fun with it and talking shit back to them. One of the voices said loudly, "You have some nerve coming back here again after all that you did. What do you want now?" Then they proceeded to mock me relentlessly for about 5 minutes. I loved every minute of it despite the things they were saying. It felt like any other banter session I'd have with friends in my real life. I didn't feel any negativity at all because some of them were actually really nice to me despite all of that.

I needed to lay down after this because of how overwhelming it was, though. When I did, the loud, angry voice said "Now will you leave us alone?" And I said "Fuck no." Then they started laughing their balls off. One of the voices said to me, "You have a lot of balls, kid, I'll give you that." Another one laughingly said "You would make a fine addition to our kingdom." Some of them were saying "Just leave him alone." I heard one voice say "Look. He's a psychic. See." One female said "You're flawless, anon."

They were looking over me and I heard that they were assessing my energy. They said "You don't realize just how much power you have."

Another voice said "Dude, you're going to become a god."

Another voice said "Yep, he's a psychic."

Overall, they were really nice and pleasant to be around despite how much they loved to take the piss out of me. When I closed my eyes, I ended up in front of like 10 different people in an area lit by pure, golden light. They looked human this time, but they were very beautiful. They reminded me of the descriptions of ancient Greek/Roman gods. Some male, some female and they were looking down at me talking to me and talking amongst themselves about me and some other things. I guess in the past I must've done something to really piss them off but they thought it was funny for some reason. After this I was transported to a city, and at the center of the square there was a man that I was brought up to. I can't exactly remember what he looked like, but he was standing before a fire and cooking something. I don't know, but there was some kind of essence about him that I couldn't quite grasp. Now he was friendly. A lot of 'alpha male' energy about him and he said to me "Welcome to our kingdom. Have fun." while holding his hand out to me. Something like that.

When I opened my eyes, I saw so many spirits in my room moving about. It was like they were partying in my room. Then the trip started to come to an end and they left saying "It's just a dream."

Reflecting on the experience, it taught me a lot of valuable lessons. To not take myself so seriously for one, to enjoy what I have and to be a bit more appreciative of what I have and to value others rather than being so judgmental. I feel like they understood that I had suffered a lot in my life having been betrayed before many of times by others and they understood that the reason why I lived in isolation and in judgement of others for a long time was due to that, but they wanted me to get over it and to join them.

I used to be incredibly depressed and angry before this, but I feel like I have what it takes now to make a real impact. Even if I don't make an impact, years from now when I am breathing my dying breath I would know that I didn't live my life in vain.