Strong Bridgesii Trip

Had a powerful journey on 18 inches of Bolivian Torch cactus.  Sliced the cactus up into stars.  Boiled the stars in a big pot of water with the juice of 1 lime.  Boiled it gently all day.  That night reduced the tea down to a small amount.  Squeezed the cactus stars to remove any liquid from them.  Combined and strained it all.  Ended up with about half a coffee mug worth of tea.  Let that sit in the fridge for a few days.  Then poured off and saved the tea, and discarded the sediment that was left on the bottom of the container.  The tea was now ready to drink.

The next morning woke up early and drank the tea.  It was very bitter.  Drank it all in 4 chugs.  After each chug a big wedge of lime provided some relief from the terrible bitterness.  Let my stomach settle for a few minutes after each chug, before resuming.  Took about 15 minutes to drink all the tea.

Stomach felt bad.  Puffed on some cannabis to settle the stomach.  Then took a shower.  Was starting to feel a mild buzz, but otherwise still felt normal for the most part.  Got dressed and relaxed on the bed, waiting for changes to start.

Started to feel changes about a half hour after the shower.  With eyes closed started to see wormlike objects.  They were writhing around, constantly moving.  There were many of them.  They would pile together into a writhing ball and then separate back out again.  Looking at them more closely could see that they were actually snakes.  They were cobras and rattlesnakes.  They opened and closed their mouths as they squirmed around continuously.  But they caused me no fear.  I just observed them for what they were.

The trip continued to build for several hours.  There were many patterns and visual effects.  I saw frog eyes staring at me.  There were plaid patterns.  There were spiral shell patterns.  All the patterns were composed of dancing lines of electricity.  The buzzing lines were rainbow colored, but the colors were all shades of purple and red and orange and white.  I was deep in the world of patterns and electricity and strange colors and squirming creatures.  I saw a dragon that was made of the buzzing colored lines.  It had many sharp points that jutted out from it in fractal patterns along its edges.  It was long and pointy and had many whiskers.  It was there just briefly.  My eyes were closed.  I was laid out on the bed, almost passed out, muscles twitching.  Would get up and pace around the room, and then flop back down on the bed.  Repeated this over and over.  The color of the walls kept changing, washing out and then flooding full of a new hue.  The patterns I saw with closed eyes began to spill out onto the walls and bed sheets.  I was tripping very hard.

6 hours in from drinking the tea and the trip peaked.  The bodyload was very heavy.  Legs were twitching.  Pupils were huge.  Stomach felt burnt up.  Managed to write this down:

"I is gone.  All muscles feel blown out.  Strong, strange trip."

Learned many things that day.  Saw with a brutal, shattering clarity.  Bridgesii is a powerful medicine.  You cannot hide from it.  It will smash right through any walls you have constructed.  It will show you what is behind there.