I'll try to keep the story short.  So I was at a nature trail park. I had a Lyft take me there and arrived around 6:30am. I took 3 tabs of 100ug acid, I think it was 300ug. Saw lots of beautiful colors and giggled a lot. I was coughing a lot during the trip. Some time later, I went to a bench and started freaking out and asking for help on Discord. I feared I took too much acid. Things started morphing. The ground and all kinds of objects were morphing, breathing and had patterns and I started getting the tracers. Some objects like gnats looked like they had gotten bigger. Luckily, the people on Discord were very helpful and told me to ride it out as best I could. Had to leave the park, but the way back to the city was like an hour-long walk through lots of curves and a long stretch of road and the best way to reach the park is by car. Realizing no Lyft would come pick me up, I decided to leave the park. When I left the park, I started hearing voices and strange sounds and saw strange images like they popped up out of nowhere. I legitimately thought I had just triggered schizophrenia but luckily the people on Discord told me this was only temporary and they were right. I kept moving my head to see where the voices were coming from. Saw the multiverse and geometrical patterns.

Went inside a grocery store and saw colors fading in and out and being replaced by more colors and patterns. When I got to the restroom, everything was morphing and had overlays, like a tapestry, even on me and my clothes. I ran across the street and almost didn't make it to the bus on time, but luckily I did make it on time and so I took a bus to get home. I will explain more about what happened on the bus at the end because I think it's the perfect ending to this story.

After I got off the bus close to home, something weird happened when I was walking home. As I was walking, it felt like time and distance was very slow. Everything seemed to be stretched and further away. Every step I took, it felt like I was being held back and not allowed to progress further, like something was preventing me from walking further. It kept holding me back. I think my time and distance perception got messed up and everything felt like in slow motion.

When I got home I was mentally and physically exhausted, and disoriented. Decided to just throw the weed away because I didn't even care anymore. And I thought, "I don't even know why I did weed in the first place." Tried to eat pork chops, but they tasted repulsive and disgusting. I was able to eat something eventually. Tried to lay down and rest, but my mind was still active and seeing images. Some time later, as I was trying to go to sleep, I could tell the LSD was still somewhat working because I started thinking about my bad habits, my sedentary lifestyle, and what changes I should apply to my life, like exercising more, reading more, and trying to be more social.

Now when I was walking back to the city, I felt like I wasn't in control of my life and I lost sight of who I was and what and who I wanted to be. When I got on the bus, I started questioning who I wanted to be when I grew up. I was breaking down in tears as I tried to explain this on Discord. I originally wanted to be a firefighter in elementary school, then a psychologist when I was in high school, then majoring in computer science when I went to community college. I realized that I lacked the ambition, determination, and focus to continue going to college. And regretted it because I probably could have developed my social skills and made friends by joining clubs. I questioned my abilities because English 101 was a hard class and didn't think I'd do well in it so I dropped the class. I didn't think I'd do well in college writing and other college courses. Dealing with depression at the time and not being able to focus also didn't help me through college. I really had no clue what I wanted to do with my life. I think what I also took from the trip was that I can't change the past and I need to stop thinking about the past. I think it also taught me to focus more on the present and focus more on what will make me happy and think of productive things that can make me happy.