200mcg LSD, 60 Yo Man on SNRI, Nice Trip

I had my first LSD experience on two 100 mcg mints, over a roughly six hour period. Set and setting were excellent, and the trip was positive and fun. 

I take an SNRI anti-depressant (175 mg of Effexor / Venlafaxine daily), and although there's lots of speculation about possible interactions (Serotonin Syndrome, inhibition of LSD effects, etc.) on the web, I just YOLO'd, and I didn't experience anything negative in that regard. Your mileage may vary!

Other drug experience: I smoked some weed back in college a million years ago, and I've been using it again a bit recently, but so far it doesn't interest me that much, so whatever. I have a glass of wine or a beer with dinner most nights. Coffee and sugar and chocolate are excellent. 

The setting for this acid experience was excellent: a bright and airy AirBnB loft in the outer burroughs of NYC on a lovely September day. My guide was a sex worker / escort that I'd seen before and like a lot, who'd offered to get the tabs and guide me in my first experience.

Expectations: I have a friend who took higher-dose LSD trips back in like the 70's, and she's described it as transcendent and life-changing. I've meditated quite a bit, and I've read about how psychedelics tend to produce good experiences when expectations and setting are good. My guide had assured me that there's really no such thing as a bad trip. So I was expecting a good experience.

She arrived at about 10:15 am, and we each took a 100 mcg mint at about 10:30. She put on a playlist of appropriate downtempo tracks, and we lay in bed talking and lightly making out. By 11:30 I was feeling a sort of nonspecific euphoria but no other effects, so she gave me another 100 mcg mint. By 12:30 I was feeling stronger effects, which lasted until roughly 3:30. By 4 or 4:30pm I was feeling mostly normal again, although the euphoria lasted longer, merging into the general normal feeling of having had a really good day.

I don't have a good memory of the order of events, interior or exterior, between 12:30 and 3:30, but I'll describe the general kinds of experiences that I remember.

One effect, that I also get from alcohol and weed, is that my conscious mind and my verbal centers sort of feel far apart. Like I'm listening to myself talking from a distance, and I don't necessarily know where the sentence started or where it's going. And sometimes when I feel like I should be saying something, it's hard to start talking, because words are far away and hard to find. This effect was mostly at the start and the end; during the peak, words weren't really relevant, see below.

Sex: My guide told me that most people aren't that interested in sex while tripping, although some get extra-interested. I brought her to orgasm (or to faking it really well, you never know) with my fingers early on during the 100 mcg phase, and she brought me off with her hands toward the end. It felt very intense, and like it lasted a very long time; excellent orgasm, A++, would recommend. In general, though, the sex wasn't the center of the experience; the basic cuddling / touching was more important.

Normal interaction: apparently we had some relatively normal interactions during the trip, because I remember her talking to me about some of her hobbies and showing me pictures and videos on her phone, and apparently I said sensible things. The oddest thing about that part is that I don't remember where it came in time compared to everything else.

Visuals: I didn't have much in the way of visual effects, aside from two things. I saw a sort of lacy texture overlaid over everything at times, with my eyes open or closed. And I saw (what should have been terrifying but was very cool) a long shape like the underside of a lobster, with lots of arms and feelers and hands and eyes, waving around in a very alive way. I saw that with my eyes closed, not for a long time. It wasn't threatening or aggressive, just a kind of symbol maybe of how strange and complicated all of reality is.

Peaking: some time after she gave me the second 100 mcg mint, I remember her saying that she was afraid she'd given me too much. I heard her, even though I was somewhere far away at the time, and consciously decided to come back far enough that I could reassure her that I was good; so I did that. The overall feeling was that I was floating at the center of ultimate reality, outside time and beyond words, for hours or days or centuries or forever, in an indescribable bliss (although "bliss" is just a word, and this was beyond words). At the same time I was intensely aware of how we were spooned together, with my arms around her and my fingers touching and caressing her skin; somehow the tactile feelings and the music were intimately part of the ultimate truth that I was floating in.

At some point I said to her that we invented language in order to be able to talk about this experience with each other. I also said that every time the music changed, it was like a new aeon of the universe was starting. Which sounds like the kind of thing people say while tripping, doesn't it? Heh heh. But they are what I felt, in some way.

As I came down a bit, it felt like I was consciously choosing to re-enter time and concepts, at that particular place and time, as if I could maybe have chosen to stay in timeless ultimate truth, or to come back to reality as any other person, in any other time and place. It wasn't bad, even though I was leaving perfect bliss; it was more like everything is equally perfect so it was fine to come out.

All around it was a very positive experience, just about as I'd expected. It was deeper than the meditative experiences that I've had; in meditation I sometimes feel like I'm accessing a deeper layer of reality that is beyond words, but in this trip I felt like I was there for a timeless eternity of time.