First Encounter With P. cubensis (purportedly the Penis Envy strain), 1g Dry

I've been wanting to try hallucinogens for nearly my entire life, but for a number of reasons, it's never happened until now. I've been a light drinker for most of my life, but until a couple years ago when I first smoked cannabis, alcohol was the only drug (aside from caffeine) I had ever consumed. I think cannabis has some potential for me, but about half of my experiences have been pretty horrible, resulting in severe nausea and dizziness. More experimentation is needed, but suffice it to say that alcohol has remained my drug of choice.

So I finally was presented the opportunity to try mushrooms. I've read enough trip reports to have picked up on a few things: head-space is important, and you really should have a trip sitter, especially for your first time. Considering I've been feeling about as low as I've felt in a month, possibly my lowest point this year, and the fact that a trip-sitter is absolutely out of the question, I decided to start with a low-ish dose of 1 gram dry material.

I first tossed the material in a blender jar, but the water content was sufficiently high and the quantity small enough that I only was able to achieve a consistency something like shredded newspaper. I moved the material to a suribachi, and ground it together with a little sugar; this produced a fine powder. I boiled four cups water with a jalapeño for a few minutes, and strained out the jalapeño. I brought the water back up to a simmer, added a quarter cup cacao powder, and vanilla extract to taste. I added the mushroom powder to a tall mug, poured the chocolate drink on top, added honey to taste, and mixed it all together.

I sipped this brew over the course of fifteen minutes or so. During this time, I queued up a couple albums (Citizen of Glass and Aventine by Agnes Obel), and gave my cat some attention. Almost immediately, a few sips in, I thought I felt a slight buzz, but that could have been me anticipating something which hadn't yet arrived. 25 minutes or so in, I was feeling a pretty strong buzz; about half an hour in, my thoughts were "this is really fucking nice". By this time, I'd had thought it a good idea to lay down in bed, my head was spinning pretty hard.

If I experience any nausea at all, that's a serious detraction from the experience. I can handle some at the beginning, but if it's persistent, I generally consider the experience to have been negative. There was none of that here. It was similar to experiencing waves of nausea with a bad cannabis experience, except in place of nausea, something was substituting euphoria. It brought to mind the best orgasms I've ever experienced, except it was a full-body experience. I'm just now recalling that at one point, it felt as though both of my arms were experiencing orgasm. Just waves and waves of euphoria washed over me.

I have no doubt my choice of music influenced the trip. I spent the majority of it in bed with my eyes closed, under a blanket; I wouldn't have wanted to spend it any other way. It was very intimate, I'm glad I didn't just take the mushrooms when I was out with my friends. I'm sure a pleasant experience could have been had, but it wouldn't have been this. For better or worse, this alleviated a lot of my fear of the drug, and I feel no hesitation toward taking a larger dose next time; I had hoped for a more "religious" experience, but this sort of mind-blowing intimate physical experience was absolutely not unwelcome.

After maybe an hour, I had regained my full faculties, I could pretend to be normal again -- aside from being uncharacteristically happy maybe. A few hours in, and all that remains is a sense of awe of the drug, and an unusual sense of wellbeing. Feeling like this for the first time in... I don't know how long, it makes me think I probably could have benefitted from some sort of anti-depressive medication years ago.

This is up there with the best experiences of my life. I just wish it hadn't been so short. Looking forward to more experimentation.