To start I am a casual user of K, just recently being able to obtain it. I have used most of the mainstream drugs out there and have a decent amount of experience with the main psychedelics.

The ritual begins as most of my psychedelic experiences do, clean my space (mental and physical), and make sure anything I will need for the journey is within reach. For ketamine that generally means a freshly made bed, water, headphones plugged into my phone with a playlist ready to go.

As for my head space, life has been relatively low stress other than working a lot of hours at a mentally draining job. My Mom died 6 months ago from cancer and since her passing I have not used any other psychedelics. Not sure when I will be ready. All in all I am in a good frame of mind and ready for the K to take me where it pleases.

T: 9:00 - I go to the bathroom to prepare 100mg of K solution into an insulin syringe, clean my injection point and insert into my deltoid muscle, aspirate the syringe then slowly inject. Side note, I find thin gauge insulin syringes work great if you are not overweight as they don't leave bruising or soreness. 

T: 9:05 - I am back in my bed with headphones on starting to feel the subtle tinglings in my body. I start to really get into the calming rhythmic music and start clearing my mind for what's to come.

T: 9:10 - The experience gets intense quickly and some of the details are forgotten but I am immersed in the music and moving through my consciousness, I then find myself feeling ancient and primal, the beats of the music having taken me deep into a dark jungle as the base of a mountain and I think I am part of a drum circle ritual, sitting around a fire with primitive humans. I can't remember if I saw them directly or if it was more just imagery and a feeling of being there. 

T:9:20? - At this point in the journey time has been rendered incomprehensible, at that moment I could have been in that state for hours or days. My surroundings shift and I feel very foreign and unsure of what is going on. I find out that I am part of the rock that makes up a mountain, it is hard to articulate the visuals and events of this but basically I know that I am the mountain. I am moving down into the earth like two tectonic plates moving against each other in the earth, nothing can be done but accept that I am along for the ride and that everything is as it should be.

T: 9:30 - I slide into the abyss for what seems like an eternity, not really positive or negative emotions at this point, really just an acceptance of what is. At this point I am startled by the sound of my wife in the other room. I am quickly transported back to the reality of my bed and my room. A fleeting moment of "what the fuck" is experienced and then I go on to wonder why the experiences had on this drug are not more revered like the traditional psychedelics, the truly bizarre nature warrants more exploration by all. Until next time Special K.