1st Time Trying Shrooms While on Meds

For context!!: meds I take: 
- trazodone (75mg): sleep 
- lamictal / lamotrigine (125mg): bipolar/bpd 
- prazosin (1mg): ptsd 
- zoloft / sertraline (50mg): depression
- rexulti / Brexpiprazole (1mg): bipolar/bpd 

I did a lot of research beforehand about how there is a risk of serotonin syndrome while taking shrooms and an SSRI like zoloft and that SSRIs might dampen the effects of shrooms. I also read that antipsychotics can block the effect of trips. I decided to take a full dose. I based my dosage off the the package my infused chocolate bar came in. According to it, a microdose is .3g, and a full dose is 1.2g. I put on a movie and called a friend to hang out with me so I wouldn't trip alone. I also did a lot of reading about how psychedelics can induce psychosis, especially those who are susceptible to it (like me). Doing shrooms while diagnosed bipolar might be a bad idea, but I decided to do it anyways. I proceeded with extreme caution. Only took a half-dose and waited roughly an hour before consuming another half-dose. 

18:50 - Just ingested .6mg shrooms (don't know the strain)

19:11 - Super excited to see if anything happens!!! Not too worried about anything adverse happening, mostly just worried about nothing happening at all. I dunno if this is the excitement but as I type this my fingers feel weird and like I'm skipping keys. O: My arms also feel kinda heavy O_O not sure what to be expectin rn but I feel just really calm and relaxed, which I've been needing for a while now ><

19:29 - Not sure if feeling it but I was looking at a screenshot of rick and morty and it felt like the background was moving. Body heaviness is getting even more apparent. No negative effects so far.

19:46 - Ate the other .6g the bar came with (so consuming a total of 1.2g) guess I'm goin hard tonight. It's hard to type, everything is flowing and stretching and breathing. Looked at my fingers and the colors were changing and my fingers were growing longer and getting smaller and it was so weird. Also stared at the air vent and it felt like it was breathing. I stared at the ceiling and for a quick second I got scared because it looked like the ceiling was coming down and closing in on me, but it quickly turned into a "breath" and I relaxed after that.

20:11 - Watching totoro on tv laying in bed and things are flowing still and colors are intensifying. Feel really relaxed. Felt a bad thought coming up and I acknowledged it and let it wash away like a wave receding.

21:57 - Idk things are way milder and my body doesn't feel as heavy. I feel like I just woke up from a nap; nice and refreshed. Some things are still melty and wavy but I feel pretty sober right now, which is weird bc I read that this stuff usually lasts for way longer. 

My experience overall:
This is my 1st time doing shrooms and I was pleasantly surprised. After reading a lot about how I won't really feel anything, I still had some trippy visuals. I also felt insanely relaxed and at peace. I have restless leg syndrome (bc of an antipsychotic) and for some reason while I was tripping my whole body just came to a standstill and felt calm. The experience was way less vibrant and more dulled than I was expecting.

Writing this the day after: 
I felt so happy and peaceful today, and very productive. I felt so calm. I was able to let go of negative emotions and thoughts and not let them affect me. Amazing. I can see why this is being researched therapeutically, because this one night of shrooms did more for me than years of antipsychotics and SSRIs.