I am a person with heavy experience using DMT (n,n-DMT, not 5-MeO-DMT which is an entirely different substance). Over around 100 experiences I have used it alone as well as in combinations with high doses of LSD, ketamine, cannabis, MDMA... Basically anything, to experience the absolute limits of perception.

The first use of DMT produced "Chrysanthemum" patterning, as well as archetypical carnival imagery.

Over time the experience changed. The archetypes became less common, and the general mental reaction to the compound changed. I always reagent test product, I only ever used the "real deal". No MAOIs present.

On the last experience using this substance, myself and a friend had a dab rig set up. Unfortunately my friend cannot hold down smoke, so we kept loading the rig and he'd immediately cough it out. Eventually I went myself as it clearly was not working for him... It would have been a very high dose due to the various failed attempts preceding.

When I blew out the smoke, after one very big hit, I can no longer explain the actual trip element of what happened. I was salient and I know what happened physically, but I cannot describe the trip at all. There was a brief few seconds as it kicked in and then I said "help me". Then again "help me". After a few repetitions I YELLED "HELP ME!!! HELP ME!!!" My friend was like "wait, are you joking?" and I screamed "NO!!!! HELP ME!!!! HELP ME!!!!!!!!!" at the absolute top of my lungs.

He grabbed my hand and sort of laid down beside me reassuring me. I couldn't look at his face as it looked bizarre, which is expected, but on top of whatever was happening it was making it worse. I proceeded to have a complete mental breakdown in a state of sheer panic. I screamed. Then I began to cry, very loudly and uncontrollably. I was utterly helpless. I genuinely did not and do not know what was happening to me.

When I read "bad trip" reports I'm expecting visions of monsters, or something like feeling stuck for eternity. However, the fact is that the mind cannot necessarily even comprehend what is happening, and this can lead to something which cannot be described but which is beyond any terror I have ever experienced in my life. Anything I did say would be guessing. I don't know what happened to me. Whatever did happen, was something dramatically beyond and more powerful than me, and I cannot grasp even one moment of it except the verbal memory of screaming for help and crying.

Understand that this drug is not a fun light show, and it is not even "medicine" in the usual sense where it can be a little nasty sometimes. What I mean to say, is that it can do something  that is far far far far far and away from anything I have ever or could ever experience in my life... If you imagine, the gravitas of the situation can be so immense that it transcends life. It can be as serious as if you have LITERALLY just died, no Earthly thing can compare, or comfort you, etc. This is something to be wary of.  It can easily be the most significant and intense moment one has ever known. And when it goes bad, it is beyond words.