All through my final year of high school I had watched one of my closet mates, with whom I saw pretty much everyday (we lived up the road from each other) become more and more of a 'pot-head'. He was constantly stoned off his face, and everyone knew it. He would turn up at work and I, working at the same place as him, would tell the second he walked in the door that he had had at least 4 or 5 'cones' moments before he came to start his shift. After a few months, not only was he the biggest stoner in our school, he was also one of the biggest dealers. Anyway, to cut a long story short, I was constantly exposed to pot, it's effects, it's positives and it's negatives. However, to everyone's surprise I, myself, never tried pot. Not once. I ended up choosing to try pot with the same guy some 7 or 8 months after school had finished. I will just say that it had to do with being kicked out of home.

It's a Friday night, roughly 8 PM, and my friend has just picked me up and we are on the way to my mate's house for my first ever try of weed. I have never felt more nervous, and I know that might sound 'gay' or whatever - 'it's only weed', but for me it was/ is a big deal. An illegal drug is an illegal drug (unfortunately). 

We arrive and greet everyone, there is roughly 5 people including my 2 friends and me. My mate knew this was my first time, and had already chopped the weed, made the bong and also had a massive 2L Coke bottle bucket-bong. ((Bucket bongs is a 5L bucket filled roughly 3/4 with water, an empty coke bottle is pushed into the water. Once the coke bottle is up to its neck in water the cap is put on [where previously you had burnt a small hole through the cap and put a cone piece in] the weed is placed into the cone piece which is wedged into the cap. As you light the weed, you raise the bottle out of the water slowly; meanwhile the pressure sucks all the smoke inside the bottle. Once the bottle is full with smoke, you unscrew the lid, then, with a long hard breath, intake as much of the smoke as u can and hold it for as long as possible. Quickly toke the rest of the smoke in the bottle (if any. there usually is.) then you are done. These seem to be amazingly more effective than bongs...even the experienced smoker will be on his feet after 2 or 3.))

My friend who picked me up was the first person to have a bong. I watched him carefully as he did it, for I was, aside from being nervous about using a drug, also praying that I wouldn't cough all over the place in front of all these people. I watched with eagerness/nervousness as the bong was packed and passed it to me. I lit it carefully, slowly but surely. I sucked in as much smoke as I could then slowly, casually blew out the thick cloud of smoke. Piece of cake. However there was no effect. I wasn't stoned at all ! 'You'll be right after another - it takes about 5 minutes' So I take another cone, then one more. 20 minutes later and I could definitely feel it. I was so happy, so relaxed, so calm, so welcoming. Everything was moving in slow motion and, best of all, everything was SO FUNNY ! It was the exact stereotypical first-time experience. Yet that is exactly how it was - my mate and I couldn't stop laughing for what seemed like ages, our stomachs hurt and our eyes were watering. Skip forward about 1 more hour, my original mate and I are standing outside the house considering whether or not to go clubbing when suddenly I got the most incredible hunger burst. I wanted something to eat so bad it was not funny. I practically dragged my mate up to the nearest 24/7 where I bought 2 chicken rolls 3 chocolate bars a popper a soft-drink and an ice-block. I ate it all within what seemed like 2 minutes. MUNCHIES!

Two days later, I rang my friend and asked him to get me some weed. My first score. I was now a 'smoker'. It's almost like a club, anyone I know who does it, I seem to get along with well. I always have something to talk about. A Friendly Society.

