This is my second submission about the Native American Medicines.  I've not tried any mushrooms since I was in Moab, Utah during  spring break about 1999.  I had an Idea about what it was like, all I remember is that it was very overwhelming that first time but I did like it very much.  This would be my second time after about 3 years.  I got some from a friend of mine and I got a lot.

I ate just about 3 full large mushrooms which equalled about 5 grams.  I've been reading a lot about this magic mushroom from books like 'Trips,' and also another book called 'Tripping.'  I decided after I worked the night audit shift I would go for a bike ride and go biking to Red Butte and just hang out.  After I ate the mushrooms I went down the road to get some water and some air in my Bike tires.  I did that and immediately I started to feel dizzy, and then I had to go back I was in no condition to be biking or even to be in public.

I finally got home and a half hour had passed and suddenly I looked at the ground and I started to see waves moving around I got scared and went inside the house where then I started to see the trees make funny faces at me and then everything I looked at started to constantly move quickly, since it came on so strong I decided that I maybe poisoned or maybe I took too much, I started to freak out and panic.

I called my brother and he came over quickly.  Shortly after hanging up I started to sweat profusedly and then I went to wash my face and then I couldn't see my face everything started to move and come alive I looked at things and I would see everything glow with Bright flourencent colors around them.  I then looked at my body and it suddenly started to puff up and I seriously thought I was dying.  My brother finally came and he told me that I'm fine and I look normal.  Except my eyes were wide open.  I noticed paintings on his face almost like native american facial paint.

We decided to hang out and to go online.  He did and everything seemed fine.  I laid down and noticed there is no way that I can sleep, once I closed my eyes I would see something that looks like a web with really bright colors and I would see many native Peoples from all over the Americas dancing and singing all together in the universe together.  They were all praying to the same god, some wore really big feathers on there heads and others looked Hopi, Aztec, many looked like sacred native american spirits.

I was hearing music and I noticed that now I was in a whole new dimension where time has stopped.  There I would hear the most beautiful music and then I strongly believe that I was there for more than a day and I was there for a very long time.  I was not able to leave that place until I was healed and able to understand my life and feel good.  Many thoughts ran in and out seeing mudhead katchinas dancing around.

I felt at peace, but at the same time 10 things all at the same time were going on in my head.  I couldn't concentrate I finally woke up and was very thirsty.  I drank some water and I noticed that food and water enhance the effects and brought me back up to the same dimension as before.  I then couldn't stop laughing, and the most bizarre ideas would pass through my mind which now that I think of it, are very sacred and should be taken serious because this universe is all one and we all are connected.  I noticed that the divine workers in the universe are almost constantly weaving us all together in everything done. thought said and felt.  In all of our dreams we are all affected and I noticed that I started to come down and that I would come in and out of phases, and I was told to come back to the physical world and so I did.  I noticed once I came down I suddenly felt completly normal and felt really good and now it was time to go back to work.

This experience has changed my life very strongly. I am able to connect to the universe and I am able to heal myself and able to heal other people I am also able to see future events, and I am able to calm people down with this medicine.  I now can understand what the universe has to tell me and it speak directly to me.  It tells me what to do and I able to dig deeply into the universe and able to make it all right so that we can all be happy.  I feel that I need to go to the Mazatecs of mexico and I would like to participate in a all night Vigil with the Sacred little kids or this Nanacatl.  This medicine is very much like the sacred peyote and now I understand why the Aztec people used these two medicines in there rituals.