I had always wanted to try weed brownies, so last summer me and a friend of mine got an ounce of some shwag weed, not really great stuff.  We broke it up and threw it into the brownie mix batter, and then baked it.  We didn't really know if this was the correct way to do it, but we didn't care.  Then me and him and two other people shared them, each eating about the same amount, so we all had about a quarter or so.  We ate them really fast, in like 10 or 15 minutes, they tasted awful.  

After about 15-30 we starting to feel a little stoned, but nothing major.  About an hour after, we were pretty stoned, but we were potheads so it wasn't anything new.  My friends girlfriend was one of them people who ate them with us, she had only smoked a few times and after she was really stoned, laughing at everything.  After like an hour and a half she started to get sick, throwing up and stuff.  I was getting bored so I drove home to go to sleep, thinking this was a waste.  

I got into bed and I couldn't sleep.  I started feeling really strange.  Like I felt waves going through my whole body, like under my skin.  Its hard to explain, but it was like waves of air or something were pulsing through my body at a really uniform pace.  My heart was pounding, really pounding.  I've done plenty of coke, and my heart never pounded this bad.  

I closed my eyes and tried to sleep and then I really started freaking out.  I was seeing like the grim reaper, it was so weird and I was scared as hell.  I seriously thought I was dying.  I was praying to God to save me, I kept saying I was sorry and I'd never do drugs again.  Then I started hearing my parents whisper.  I thought they were talking about me in their bed, saying how bad I was and stuff.  But there's no way I could have heard them, their room isn't even close to mine, and it was like 3 in the morning now.  But I kept hearing them whispering, it really freaked me out.  I was sweating like hell.  

Then I heard police sirens.  I had dropped my friend off before coming home, and we were sitting in my car in his driveway for a while before he got out, and I remember saying that people probably thought we were up to something, because right before he got out he took something out of my bag and then left, like he was getting drugs from me.  So I'm laying in my bed and I start hearing these police sirens all around and some guy saying 'come out of the house now, we have you surrounded.'  And I could see flashing blue and red lights through my windows, police lights.  I was like oh shit, they know whats up, they must have seen us.  I don't even think I had any drugs on me, which makes it weird that I was so scared.  So I crept to the front door and looked out, and there was nothing.  I went back to bed, and a couple minutes later heard it again.  I got up again and looked out the front door, nothing.  This happened like three more times and each time I got up and saw nothing.  

After that I'm not sure what happened but I woke up the next day feeling OK and extremely happy that I was alive and it was all just a trip. I never thought weed could make me hallucinate and stuff, but it did.  I guess eating a quarter of it in like 10 minutes can do that to a person.  But it's not something I think I'll do again.  I'll just stick to smoking it.