I'm 17 and Shrooms are very hard to get around where I live.I have been asking around for the past year to see who has them with no luck.  Yesterday at around 5pm on a sunday I get a phone call. On the phone is one of my friends saying she has a surprise for me. She tells me she got some shrooms for me but it'll cost me $25. I only had $5 but she let me shoot the rest of the money to her later. Any way, my friends came and picked me up and I got the 2 Cubensis mushrooms. Even though it was a small amount for $25, these are so scarce I didnt care.  Next I went home engaged in a conversation with my mom and was nice to her, I  followed the conversation up with asking if I could spend the night a friend (I made up a name)'s house with another friend of mine (who she thinks is a good kid). She said 'Yea sure you can!'.I said thanks and got a soda, went to my room, and chewed 1 mushroom (tryin to keep it in my mouth for awhile like erowid said so the psyclobin goes to your brain faster) and washed it down with some safeway select cola.  It went down easy. It smelled nasty but tasted aight; kinda like sunflower seeds a little. Then I did the same with the 2nd mushroom. Then I packed my back back with some water my big ass Dj headphones, my discman, battaries, and put on a jacket. I walked over to my neighbors house to get my cds that I left in his car.  Then met my friends at the lagoon by my house on this bench.  We then walked over to another of our friends houses. When I got their I felt a tad uncoordinated but didnt think any thing of it.  She came out of the house and I started laughing. She started laughing and was wondering why I was laughing and I didn't even know why I was.  Then I realized 'O I think I'm starting to feel it'. We left.  We walked back down to the bench and I started feeling euphoric and light.  I noticed the stars and they were tight.I sat on the bench.  I put on my headphones and listened to music because I wanted to but when I did that I felt like I was missing something so Id take them off. I started noticing people moving in my peripheral vision so id look and nothing was there. I was used to that though. I know them as tree people, I see them when I'm Hi. But they are better known as Meth Monsters (after you've been up a few days you'll see those).  I could also see rainbows in lights.

I was chain smokin cigarettes.  All these thoughts on my life were going through my mind in a loop.  I had two good friends sitting with me and they were play fighting with each other and talking about fighting and I didnt wanna be around that so id try to walk off but theyd tell me to come back so I would.  When I would talk to them and anything we said was making sense but It made no sense and no sense made sense (somebody whose shroomed will know what I'm talking about). When I looked at my friends faces they would skip randomly around and when I turned away I would still be seeing them for a second or two.  I kept collecting my things because I kept feeling like was going to lose something.

I was loosing my mind and felt like I was going insane but I was laughing and felt very relaxed the whole time from the body Hi. The darkness of the night seemed to change shades. At one point I stood up and recall the ground feeling like it was shaking (it lasted about 5 seconds) Watching the smoke off my cigarette got me stuck jus watching it billow and fold.  The sky did appear to be a kaliedoscope spinning; exactly like a kaliedoscope. The kaliedoscope appeard to fade into a mist (maybe it was infact misty I dont know) as I looked down. The branches on the trees around me appeared to be shrooms, the pebbles on the dirt ground appeared to be shrooms. At times I would get up to take a piss in the bushes - each leaf on the bushes was a kaleidiscope and each of them turned into a face. Each leaf was the same face it said something I think it was my name. The voice echoed all around me.  The faces turned into a babies face crying and it echoed too. I walked back to the bench.  The shadows of everything seemed to morph.  Everything that happened never scared me because the body hi relaxed me so much. One of my friends did swing at me and it didnt scare me but made me more assertive because your uncoordinated and relaxed and delayed reaction time in your actions is in place so someone swinging (punching I mean) at you is really annoying. Then 2 of my other friends rolled up and they wanna see how I'm doing and they pass me a blunt. I hit it a few times. It relaxed me more so, and made me think clearer.  They wanted me to go to San fransico with them (its like 20 mins from here) but I didnt wanna ditch everyone so I stayed. Me and my friends walked off to the car. I began to gain and understanding of things more. I began to feel like my whole life before this was petty kid stuff. I felt like I truly am a man now and wasn't before.  I felt closer to everyone around me.  I felt like my whole life is under control now and I have more power now but the world is so small and dosent make any sense.  I was really calm and felt like it was never gonna go away because I felt liek a better person now.but as I laid down that night I closed my eyes was very relaxed,  I say multi colored morphing visiuals, and dozed off.

When I woke up, that sense of being that I thought I would never lose; the new understanding- as I write this today, its all a memory, I have a headache but took some advil and jus smoked some weed.  I look forward to my next trip. Now I know what to expect and can fully enjoy it because I know that nothing bad is going to happen.