My most memorable lsd experience was the first time I ever done it. I had stayed at my friend Barry's house the night before and so did our friend Griff, that morning our other friends Chad and Rachael came because we was all planning on going to Barry's brothers house and hang out. A few minutes before we left we was all in Barry's room getting ready to smoke a joint and Barry's friend Sonny came in, he told him that he had liquid acid and it was $8 a hit, normally all of us would tell this man to stick his $8 acid up his ass but this is a small redneck town where you will get to come across acid once every other year so how could we refuse. everone only had enough money to get 2 hits, but after I got my 2 hits I started thinking that after this when will I get to trip again so I said I wanted 2 more.

Sonny talked me into doing them then instead of later so I bought 2 more but when he gave me the 2nd hit he 'accidently' gave me a 3rd hit. after this we got 2 hits for Barry's brother and went to his house, on the way there I noticed my weed buzz was getting better and better, I could tell that I was starting to come up, and then when we got there I realized I had never been so fucked up in my life, Rachael told me to walk in the bathroom with her and she pointed at the flowery wallpaper in Greg's bathroom, the flowers began to move slowly, and I started thinking to mysself this is it Im beginning to trip. As I walked out of the bathroom into Greg's living room I felt the ground shaking like an earthqauke I really freaked out because I didnt know that I could feel stuff like that when you are tripping but I guess you can. After I figured out what was really going on I walked outside with everyone else.

We all decided to go to this cave up above Greg's house, it was in the middle of a large feild, the guy who owned it had cows, sheep, horses all kinds of stuff, it was a farm basically. On our way to the cave I had to slow down and catch my breathe because it was hot and I felt like I was going to pass out, The sun was so bright, it was a bright orange, and at one point it felt as if I was standing on the sun. I looked down at the ground and I noticed neon blue Greatful Dead Bears being flashed in front of me as if it was done with a laser pointer.

When I got to the cave I started walking down into the hole in the ground, I am usually afraid to walk down things like that, I guess I was always afraid to fall, but where there was usually fear was triumph, I fell once on my way down but got right back up and started again and I made it. It was so strange when I was walking down the path it looked like the everything was cheaple animated like as a cartoon charector would see if he was watching himself walk down a very steep hill.  When we all reached the bottom everyone got down in the water and walked into the cave itself. I just sat down on the grass. I looked up at the walls of the cave and the circular walls of rock was there but there was what looked like a white and green liquid oozing down the walls of the outer part of the cave and all flowing into the inner part of the cave, it looked like melting ice cream. I freaked out, I jumped up and started screaming for help, everyone else freaked out and started running to where I was at but before they could even get out of the water I remember yelling, this is fucking awesome. There was nothing to be afraid of. I then sat back down and I looked at my hand and it was decaying into bone, everyone saw me and started laughing because they knew I was peaking my balls off.

After I finally quit looking at my hand I lyed down in the grass and looked up at the sky, it was still blue but the clouds were moving in very fast motion and they were changing colors in the process. It was kinda like what the sky looked like in the Doors when Jim Morrison is following the indian to the cavern. When I sat back up I noticed that my pants were breathing, when they exhaled my blue jeans turned into blue potleafs in this non stop pattern. After spending about 2 hours in the cave we all came out, I came out a different person then what I was when I went in.

After we all got out we all just kinda spread out a little bit in the feild and I was lying on my back and so was everyone else and we were anywhere from 15 to 50 feet away from each other and we could all talk in normal volume and we could hear each other perfectly clear, it was as if we left our bodies on the ground and our souls had flown to the sky. We layed there for about 10 minues, after that we decided we should go back to Greg's but on our way back to his house the guy that owned the feild showed up and the sad thing was I didnt realize it because I was licking on a grape sucker and I started staring at it because the different shades of purple was moving around and making cool shapes, when I realized that the owner was there I caught myself laughing my ass off, Greg got me to be quiet but I couldnt help it.

After the owner left we all went back to Greg's house, on the way back I kept telling everyone that the owner was the worm and that he represented everything evil in the world, when we got back to Greg's we sat on his front porch overlooking a large field of sheep, while we was sitting there the dreaded owner went down to the field to feed the sheep, when he got their food out they all started running towards their food bin, normally people probably wouldn't really notice it but for me it was one of the coolest things I saw all day.  We stayed at Greg's house pretty late. When we went back to Barry's house Chad and Rachael followed us there. They stayed there for a while but then went home. It was about 3 in the morning and me, Barry, and Griff were wide awake, Barry brought out some of is moms magazines and usually we was making fun of everything his mom liked but for some reason looking at the magazines was fun, we was going through them and deciding which girls we wanted to have sex with.

Finally after awhile we got bored and decided to go outside. I was still having a little bit of visual but not much. We decided to throw rocks at this sign about 50 feet away and we all tried a few times, they hit it but I didnt. We went back into Barry's house and Barry fixed Romain Noodles for us. It had been a long time since I ate them. It felt weird eating them, they felt so slimy. After we ate we went into Barry's room, we rolled a joint to smoke in the morning. About this time it was morning, it was about 7 so we all decided to get some rest. We all 3 slept for about 3 or 4 hours, when we woke up we just sat there and talked about how we felt about the trip for awhile. I didnt have any visuals or anything and the head trip was still there alittle bit so I felt really good. When Barry was giving me a ride home we smoked that joint and the body buzz of the acid hit me all over again. When I got home my mom just thought I was fucked up on dope, she had no idea that it was acid, and that is my most memorable experience on lsd.