It was Friday about 7:00 p.m., my plans for the night were to meet a friend in about an hour and catch a movie out of town. Little did he know I had plans of my own. I was hanging out at my work, no I wasn't working nor had I just gotten off. It's pretty common there to just hang out, people are always there and a co-worker will usually smoke you up if you're just around, you could say it's a pretty relaxed atmosphere.

I had acquired two tabs of what I had been told was pretty strong acid. I had just taken one, and about half an hour later I'd had felt no effects. Instead of cursing the bastard who I had believed burned me I popped the second tab and made my way upstairs so I could meet my buddy outside the store. He picked me up around 7:45. I didn't bother to inform him about the acid I had taken, if I had been burned I didn't fell like hearing any shit from him.

It was pretty rainy, an ideal night to see a movie. It was about 8:15 when the acid began to take hold.  We arrived at the theater around 8:45 by now I could fully feel the acid on me. Just our luck we missed the 8:30 show and decided we'll try back at 10:30 and catch the later showing. To waste time we thought we could hit the mall across the street. It was time to let my friend in on my earlier doings; he was probably going to figure it out for himself anyway, as I had began to act pretty strange rambling on incoherently.

We pulled into the parking lot and when we got out it felt like all the weight in my body had shifted to my legs. We made our way into the mall, now I don't know the last time you've been to the mall on a Friday night, but it must have hosted every 14-16 year old punk around. This is when the acid began to wash over me much stronger. I've tripped before but never this hard. I was much more used to just visuals, and not so much crazy hallucinations. We made our way into a bookstore and I stared at a bookcase for what must have felt like an hour. All the colors washing together and shinning so bright it looked like they could have been glowing.

My friend grabbed my arm, informing me I was scaring the children. We walked farther down the hallway and I began to notice the crazed people that shop here. The acid was really making me crazy, as I couldn't distinguish between real and just hallucinations. A group of kids passed by, their legs looked like 12 ft long, and some guys wearing collared shirts looked as if the cuffs on their sleeves were exaggerated and huge. My god what the hell was going on? We passed an empty store and since it being April they had painted huge flowers on the empty windows, they looked crazy like they were actually there, was I seeing this for real. No, it's just the acid I assured myself.

Millions of crazy thoughts ran through my head, oh man how long had I been on this drug? I thought quickly to earlier that afternoon when I was sleeping in study hall and I woken up after a crazy daydream. That's when I took it! I've been tripping since study hall! This whole day has been a hallucination. Just then my friend stopped me 'Dude, you okay? You're looking pretty fucked up'. Boy was he right, fucking acid. I was okay now though, those crazy thoughts were gone. 

We walked by one of those gag shops and my friend wanted to go in. I didn't know if I could handle something like that right after that last episode. He stood in front and motioned me in. I stared at him for a minute he looked like a wind was blowing on him and his shirt had been caught in the breeze. Yeah I suppose I could handle it, and we walked in. I made my way around the store I was pretty calm and composed right now, and I started staring at all the trippy posters they had in the back. The black light poster looked practically 3-D like they were reaching out to me. We checked out the other expensive useless crap and left.

'Lets get the hell out of here man, this place is for little kids' I said to my friend and we made our way to the car. We were hungry and seeing we had about another hour until the movie started we thought we'd hit up the local fastfood and get some 99-cent double cheeseburgers. It was while I ate my burgers that the acid started to wash over me again. My burger it was moving right in my hands. The cheese and the meat looked like it was oozing up and down.

I turned my direction to a tree we were parked next to, the moss and the bark began to mix together and swirl around the tree. I looked in the vanity mirror, the pupils in my eyes looked like they were growing and shrinking. Oh man what a night. We still had time to pass so we rolled up a few joints and cruised the town, getting nice and baked before the movie. Finally we made our way back to the theater, which by now was looking much crazier, the marquee was huge and I couldn't make out the titles. We entered the theater and bought our tickets. While I was standing in line for some popcorn the rug which was red and had a star print on it began to look like a fog engulfing my legs. 

We got to our seats just in time. The acid wasn't hitting me as hard now but as I brought a kernel up to my mouth it would look huge like the size of my fist. I can't really say I remember much of the movie (I'll have to catch it on DVD), or the rest of the night. I know I got home round 12:30 still feeling the acid. I watched T.V. until about 2 a.m. It's definitely gone down as one of my craziest trips. I've taken some time off of acid now, I'll give it about 6-9 months before I do it again, maybe next time I'll be a little bit more prepared.