A friend of mine and myself had been planning on eating a large quantity of mushrooms for a long time. We have both had fairly extensive experience with mushrooms; we usually eat 3 to 5 grams dry at a time with no real problems. This time we decided we would both try and munch a 1/4 each (7 grams dry). When we picked up the mush from our dealer he warned us that he had gotten a new batch, which know one had tried yet, but was told that they were very potent. We purchased a 1/4 each anyways and went back to my place to eat them. 

After devouring the mush at my place in roughly fifteen minutes we decided to head over to a friends, who was having a small party that night. While we were driving over we could both feel the mush coming on pretty strong after only a 1/2 hour since ingestion, so we decided to stop at a park on the way to have a little break, and trip out in nature for a while before continuing on to our friends place. After this point, things get pretty vague and I don't really remember exactly what happened.

All I can really remember is feeling the mushrooms coming on really strong when we were parked in the parking lot of the park, and telling my friend that maybe it was a bad idea to eat a 1/4 of mush all at once. I remember him telling me that he agreed, and that he wasn't feeling too good. After this point in our trip things took a really bad turn for the worse. 

I was losing touch with reality, everything seemed so complicated, I was hallucinating really bad to the point that I couldn't see anything that was real anymore; everything that I saw was a hallucination coming from inside my fucked up brain, nothing was making sense, and eventually I lost touch with reality, myself, the universe and everything in it. I didn't know or understand what was happening anymore, I didn't know where I was, I didn't know who I was with, I didn't know that I had eaten 7 grams of mush, I didn't even know what I was anymore for that matter. 

I remember feeling REALLY scared, thinking I was going to die, but not really understanding what death meant anymore either. All I could hear was a little voice inside my head that kept telling me that 'I'm going to die, and it's alright', when I asked the little voice why I was going to die it simply said 'mushrooms'. I don't know for sure how long I was in this state of mind since it seemed like an eternity, but I would have to estimate 3 to 4 hours.

Finally after what seemed like forever, it felt as though a huge weight had been taken off my brain, and I was somewhat able to think and see again. It felt like I was coming out of a coma, even though I've never been in one before and don't know what it's like. I was able to understand what was happening now, and why. I remembered that I had eaten a shit load of mush, and must have gotten really fucked from it. I also realized that I was curled up in a little ball in the driver seat of my car, practically naked, and freezing cold. I just realized that I forgot to mention that it was winter time (-10 celsius). Anyways, I figure I must have taken my clothes off at some point in the trip, but can't remember when, or what I had done with them. Then I remembered that my good friend Luke was with me, but he wasn't in my car anymore, and I had no idea where he went. 

I just sat there in my car, near naked, freezing cold, and in shock for a long time; I was still really fucked up, which is why I never started my car to get warm. I'd have to estimate that I sat there for approximately another 2 to 3 hours. I finally started to feel more normal, so I motivated myself to try and find out what happened to my clothes, and my friend Luke. This is when things went from bad, to indescribably horrid in my trip. 

I got out of my car and walked around it in hopes of finding my clothes. To my astonishment I found Luke curled up in a ball, naked in the snow bank beside my car. He was totally white, and when I called to him he didn't respond. I knew he was dead almost instantly, but it took several hours to come to grips with it. I sat in my car in disbelief, crying, thinking awful thoughts that I don't even want to mention, until the sun came up the next morning. Then I dialed 911 on my cell phone and told my story to the very kind lady on the other end of the line.