A couple weeks ago I was busted for smoking weed at school, and managed to get away with probation and drug tests. After some searching aroundonline and asking some questions of friends, I decided to try LSD, as it would not be picked up in my tests.

A friend who quit using anything a while ago gave me four OLD hits. The fact that these were old no doubt accounts for the relatively mild nature of this trip, I knew that it would be weak so I took it all at once, at about 11:00 at night, along with a glass of OJ, I heard that helped.

It came on slow, I started feeling my mood go way through the roof about 20 minutes into it, and by 45 minutes in I had a huge goofy grin, and just felt different. When I walked I adopted bizarre postures because that felt more right somehow.

I sat around talking on AIM, and at about an hour and a half in, it began to look as though the words on the screen were at odd angles to each other. I though this was WONDERFUL and giggled joyfully. Not much longer after that it appeared that each word was on it's own little island, and the islands were moving and bumping each other. Once again I was laughing ecstatically at this sight. I figured that this was where it would get really interesting, so I signed off AIM to enjoy it.

I walked around my room, all hunched over and smiling ear to ear. I saw that if I stopped and focused on something, it seemed to swell and bend gently. I sat on my bed and put on headphones, then turned up 'Tales Of Brave Ulysses' by Cream, one of the best psychadelic songs ever. I put it on loop because I liked it so much and felt really connected to it. I found myself sitting on the edge of my bed feeling wonderful, rocking back and forth listening to this song. At this point I was watching the walls bend towards me, swelling and twisting. I was still overjoyed by this.

Then came my revelation: In Stephen Crane's story 'The Open Boat', the character of The Correspondent is sitting on a tiny boat in rough seas, fairly sure he will die. He remembers a poem about a dying soldier that he learned in school, but he never cared, despite how touching the words were. He realizes that now that he is dying, he understands it. He knows how tragic it is that the soldier is dying, and the only way to know that experience is to have it yourself.

I UNDERSTOOD 'Tales Of Brave Ulysses'. I knew that I had reached that level, I could really understand. I was so happy to have reached this level of connection and understanding with anything. I would listen to the words: 'You thought the leaden winter would bring you down forever, but you rode upon the steamer to the violence of the sun' and I knew that I could never be brought down forever, that I would rather go and be the sun than live in the leaden winter. I knew, and I UNDERSTOOD.

There, alone in my room, I UNDERSTOOD.