When I was in 8th grade, our class field trip was to Washington DC.  I smoked pot regularly.  We wanted to get high in DC but were worried about not getting a chance to smoke there. I wanted to try lsd.

We met up at the school at about 4:30 AM.  My friend, N, had gotten us (4 people) around 15 hits of acid. It had some kind of jungle scene on the back of it. I'm not sure what kind it was. We took the acid as soon as we got on the bus (around 5 AM). I was on the bus with N, and T and J were on another bus together. N dropped 4 and J dropped 5. T only dropped 1 and I dropped 2. N and J had tripped before and T and myself had not.

I tried to get some sleep but I was too excited.  The first thing I noticed was the sky. The sky was orange. There were some black clouds and pink clouds. There was one black cloud in the middle of the pink ones. N and I had this mindless conversation about how the black clouds were forming a chain to rescue the stranded one.

The next major thing was the song running through my head. I swore it was a real song, the lyrics were "Get your poop out of my life, get your poop out of my life." it ended with "doo doo dot deedle dot drop!". I wrote it down so I could remember it later.

While talking to N (I was tripping pretty good by now), the seat pattern made it look like a whole was burning through the seat. 

We stopped at a rest area for a mid morning break and a snack.  All 4 of us trippers met up to talk about what we were feeling. For some reason there was this circular cement platform. We stood there pondering the meaning of it. I felt like I could stay there my whole life and love every minute of it.

The rest of the first trip was uneventful.

The second trip was the interesting one. We were on the ride home and I didn't want to sit there bored for 6 hours. I decided to drop the other 2 hits I bought around 6pm. About 30 mins later I started feeling it. I was listening to Santeria by Sublime (a great chill song). I had one headphone on my head because I thought if I put the other one on I would chill so much I would melt into the seat. It was great.

We stopped for dinner at McDonalds around 7:30pm. I was standing in a hallway waiting to order. I kept telling this kid (he was very level but wouldn't rat me out) he went to a Def Leopard concert. I ordered food (don't know why, I couldn't eat it if I had to) and got back on the bus.

This is where I started tripping hard, much harder than I had earlier with the same dose of the same acid.  There was this girl (I think she was tripping too) I was talking to. She asked me if that was my jacket on the floor and I said "What's a jacket?" She just laughed and I figured her name was "Mrs. Roundhead" for one reason I still don't know.

There was this girl who kept puking sitting behind N and I. I called her "Pukey McPukePuke" (Something only a tripper could think of). I think this had something to do with the next events.

By now I was tripping my eyeballs out. Everything would break up into little circles and rearrange themselves. I thought I would be insane forever. I checked my watch every 5 seconds. They were showing a movie I had already seen. I tried watching it, but I was really seeing the reflection in the window.  This made everything backwards, and it really made me trip out. This went on for about an hour or so, when I think I fell asleep. 

I woke up near home on a familiar bridge. I leaned over to N and said "This is where my gamma lives!" I meant to say grandma, and N thought I meant Gamma Ray (he was tripping again). It was funny.

We got to the school and my dad picked me up. We talked about stuff I saw (at museums, not on my trip ;). I went home and took a shower. It felt absolutely wonderful because I was sooo tired. I sat there watching orange and red hexagons zoom past my head.

I tried to go to bed but couldn't. My wall flashed green one or twice. I laid in bed watching some late night show. David Duchovny was talking about making "ass paintings" with his wife. Very entertaining for a tripper.

I soon fell asleep and slept the next day away. I was tired mentally and physically. Overall, the experience was enjoyable and I would repeat it again if I could.
