Amount: 1 sandwich bag (weight unknown)
Preparation: Entire content of bag into 1 litre of boiling water
Consumption: A lot of sugar and some tea. Juice made up 4 cups
Previous mushroom experience: Taken once before, nothing happened
-------------------------------------------------------------------

I got bored of waiting and went outside, I stared at the clouds for a while (what is the big deal with magic mushrooms!?!!?), that is what I was thinking when the clouds started forming into Sierpi&#324;ski triangles, I decided to go back inside the cloud thing was just too strange. As I was going to the door there was an eerie grey glow over the roof of the house 'that's really weird' I thought and went inside.

That was when the large patterns of red stars and concentric circles appeared on the walls I realised I was tripping. 'Holy shit!!' I told my housemate 'This is fucking awesome'. I spent the next half hour absolutely amazed at what I was seeing (I am gauging time by what was on tv). I watched a lightbulb fill with blue smoke, start rotating and melt onto the floor, 90 minutes after eating the mushies I was peaking.

It came on so suddenly, one minute I'm making my stereo speakers wilt by sheer willpower. The next I had lost complete control of mind. This is how it hit me, like that scene in Ghost in the Shell when the chick plugs into the computer and there's that trippy visual how everything slides back. It was kinda like that, but I slid back into a world of impossible colors shifting and morphing in impossible directions. At this point the 'real' world no longer existed.

I felt absolutely awesome, this new world I had discovered was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen, and I didn't want to leave. Roughly an hour later (thanks to the tv for keeping time) I came back to the real, although still very much warped, world. I spent the next 4 hours laying in a couch (with the odd walking around the house like a spaceman, pissing while tripping is extremely amusing) giggling stupidly and experiencing a lot of visuals.

Some favourites where: arms bubbling, flourescant curtains, the big green moon surrounded in bright blue flames, everything being slanted on a 45 degree angle (I made this happen by sheer will power as well).

Some not so favourites: housemate trying to freak me out (but instead just boring me, the walls were far more exciting), small colorful patterns remaining stuck in my field of vision (I was convinced this was a sign I had picked a poisonous mushroom and was going to die, however this feeling didn't last long, thank god).

Oh and the four fingers comment in the title, well I was staring at my hand again watching my fingers stretch and intertwine and I realised an amazing truth... I have 4 fingers!!! For some reason I found this to be both absolutely profound and hilarious I would say it every few minutes followed by laughing until I cried to the point of pissing off my straight housemate, he just didn't understand.