I actually write down what I'll think about when I'm high before the experience so I can use it as a reference and document the experience. That's how I work. Not this time. I've tired various psychotomimetic drugs before (scopolamine, hyoscyamine, dimethyltryptamine and a few other tryptamines, pure mescaline, lysergic acids, MDA, MMDA, ibogaine, nutmeg, etc the list only goes on) but this trip really worked me. The usual dose of San Pedro I use is about 30 cm in length and 3 in diameter which is a pretty intense trip. Its hard to say how much I had taken this trip because I find it preferable to take San Pedro over time, but at the end I ate about half my 4 foot plant.

I really expected myself to hurl but my trick is with any plant material to sit still and let the nausea pass, takes about 2 hours with San Pedro, and I got thru it without vomiting. What followed was truly an experience with God. On all the occasions I've tried mescaline (with the exception of 1) I've never gotten true visual hallucinations, but this time I pushed the dose. It came on over a length of about 1 hour and lasted a good 6 more.

Starting with spiral objects not unlike those I witnessed on lysergic acid amide, then progressed into actual forms similar to harmaline. An interesting difference between this dose of San Pedro and harmaline though, is that harmaline doesn't so much cause euphoria, but with the mescaline I was obviously very euphoric. I felt that in those 7 hours I knew more about God personally than any theologian or priest.

Mescaline is a curious substance in that it makes me feel euphoric in a safe sort of way, I always maintain control. It is also my favorite hallucinogen because it doesn't speed me up (ibogaine, certain indole-based apocynaceous alkaloids), I never feel scared (anticholinergics), I don't have to worry about tyramine (monoamine oxidase inhibitors, i.e. harmaline), and I can maintain a higher level of control on it than many other hallucinogens I've tried (again anticholinergics, especially Datura discolor). I hope that helps sum up alot of the feelings one can achieve thru mescaline and why one would want to consider use of mescaline over anticholinergics, etc. I personally find anticholinergics a scary waste of time because I remember so little of what I do while I'm on them. 

Peace-
 R Lautreamont