One day, my best friend who we'll call 'Bono' called me and told me our old coke dealer had access to shrooms. I had been wanting to try them out, so I went with my girlfriend, 'Spears,' to pick them up.

We met the guy and seeing as that I was the only one with cash, I bought a quarter oz. There were two caps in the bag and a lot of stems. I gave one cap to the dealer/middleman friend of mine for all his hard work and we sped back to my place.

My girlfriend and I were cautious at first, eating only about 5 stems each. They smelled like chocolate and tasted like pumpkin seeds. The taste didn't bother me - I thought it would since every description I've heard of shrooms always mentioned the bad taste. I also expected the usually described upset stomach. It never arrived. 

Spears and I sat around and read comic books waiting for something to happen when Bono arrived. He had bought some crystal earlier, which displeased me, so he only got 3 stems. Bono and I then went to play guitar and video games, leaving Spears in the room alone. I didn't feel anything at all but I noticed I was a little more giggly than usual.

When Bono and I returned back to my room, we discovered Spears lying on my floor staring at the ceiling. Neither of us could understand why, and she kept insisting that we shut up so she could concentrate on staring at the ceiling. Eventually though she had to go, and Bono left with her.

So I sat with my bag of shrooms, lying on my bed. I decided to try some more, eating about two-thirds of the stems left in the bag, then I wandered out of my room. I tried to call a friend but found myself too giggly to speak. Eventually I returned to my room, my little brother followed me in - he was visiting and had to sleep on my floor. He knew I was on shrooms. He lay down on my floor, I on my bed. He talked endlessly, I ate the rest of the stems and managed to force down a little more than half of the cap. The texture was getting to me, and so was the taste.

My little brother and I talked for a while, about music and such, I staring up at my ceiling the whole while for no good reason. But then suddenly the shadows under my ceiling fan began to expand. My little brother kept talking, and when I tuned into what he was saying, the hallucination vanished. I told him to shut up and I looked at the fan again. The fan blades began to "wilt" like a dead flower, drooping down. The shadows at the corners of the room looked as if they meant to swallow the walls whole. 

I was suddenly deftly scared for my life and told my little brother that the room was going to eat me. I was horrified and fascinated at the same time. I felt very alone and wished my friends who were also shrooming were with me, because they would understand what was happening to me. I kept screaming at my brother to shutup, and finally he fell turned off the lights and fell asleep. 

At this point I tried to reach for a comic book. I found that I was very discoordinated, and I was shaking badly. Once I picked the book up, I barely had the strength to hold it up, and the first page was all a swirling blur anyway. I turned over on my side and faced the wall closest to my bed. I almost dosed off just staring into this wall, but suddenly it changed color, to a deep blue-black. The wall wasn't a wall any longer, but it was a picture of outer space, and I started to feel as if I were being propelled through it. 

I closed my eyes for a moment and another strange thing occurred - I felt like I was in an old western bar, like I was really there. I moved towards the bar, ready to order a drink, but I opened my eyes to see my wall again, plain white. I closed my eyes again, there the bar reappeared, very realistic looking. After this experience the effects seemed to wear off. It was already about 3:30 am if I remember correctly. I had been laying in bed tripping for about 4 or 5 hours.

All in all, I loved the experience. I'm planning another shroom-day as I type this. I plan on doing it with a couple friends this time though, to avoid the fear I had of being alone last time. Very pleasant, completely different from an acid trip where I see actual imagined objects. I'm aiming for an outer-body experience next time. Wish me luck!

-Anders