Let me start by saying that I am surprised to find myself  writing about this, after all, it happened years ago.  Even though it might sound unusual I know it was real, I could feel it in my hands- the gift of a miracle!  
     
 This was an acid-trip before I knew about things like harm reduction websites, and knew that other people were turned-on about psychedelics.  But I'm not sure I've ever read about anything like it.  I guess I never could, it was my own personal miracle.
     
A few summers ago my friends and I discovered LSD.  It came to us at one of those points in our lives when everything was coming together.  There were four of us- we 'dropped out'.  It was a kind of movement inward, but as a group.
    
These were different times, only three years ago, but worlds away.  I for one hadn't had much experience with psychedelics, relatively speaking, not to mention the world itself.  But I had this feeling that there was some kind of energy that we could collectively tap into by taking these drugs together.
    
We were at a campsite that required us to wear plastic clamp-on bracelets.  I'm sure you've all seen them before, there's a little black snap; once you have it on, its on.  he only way to get one off is to cut it off.  
    
    
Three of us were present, sitting in a triangle around the fire.  At first we were distracted at having to tend to the fire, but once it got going we relaxed.  My dude simply said, 'Thanks.'  We were then all filled with a gratitude overwhelming.  Our energy met and the fire grew, we no longer had to tend it with our hands.    
     
I was leaning forward, elbows on my knees, hands clasped.  I lowered my forehead to rest on my knuckles.  In this position I focused my energy inward and outward both at the same time, I began radiating more with every breath, encompassing all the energy inside and around me untill there was nothing.  Nothing. 
     
The blissful experience of Nothingness faded as my consciousness was brought to back to the physical world.  I lifted my head from my hands.  I looked up and found myslef holding the capmground bracelet, open and unclamped, in my clenched fist as though it had never been fastened upon my wrist.
     
It was as if I had completely disappeared.  The bracelet could no longer contain me, I was nothing. But it was more than just physical transcendence, time had been altered as well, the bracelet was yet unclamped!  In order to un-do one of those snaps it would take a pair of pliers, or strong fingernails, in which case the snap might simply break, but it hadn't; it was complete, like new.  
      
Yet I hadn't done anything at all, I was merely concentrating with mind and body while on ONE geltab of LSD and somehow, someway, somebody, did something; changed something.  Not only a physical condition in the world- the bracelet on my hand, but a condition within myself.  I had seen the 'impossible' right before my eyes.  

I made the connection between the bracelet and handcuffs, I felt like Houdini! I was free! Liberated from containment in the physical.  I had proof that the mind could alter the world.  But yet how remains a mystery to me, I did not do a thing, in fact I was perfectly still...  
      
This experience was a gift, a lesson about limits of faith and possibility.  I still don't know how it happened or why it happened to me, but I did learn that miracles do happen, and for that knowledge my heart can never be hardened.  
       
Of course, I never did find that bracelet in the morning...    Ha, ha!  You'll never have proof!  You don't need it anyway!

I man once called Booker