Amazing

First, let me tell you a little about me. I'm 17. I've smoked pot for years, done ecstasy enough times, explored the effects of DXM, popped many type of pills, but I never did acid. Main reason: hard to find. But one night, about 6 months ago, I did get some....

It all started one Saturday night, when I decided to spend the night over at Daniel's house. Two other friends, Kevin and Sean were also staying over at Daniel's house, too. Daniel's older brother, David, was also staying there. Sean came and picked me up and drove to Daniel's house, even though Kevin and Daniel weren't going to be there for about another two hours. Once we got there, we just watched T.V. with David. A co-worker of mine (at that time) called me and said he had some acid for $5 a hit. So, I decided to buy six hits. That's two for me, two for Sean, and two for Franz (another friend of ours that wasn't spending the night at Daniel's house). After purchasing the acid, we drove to Franz's house to drop off his two hits. When we arrived back to Daniel's house, I examined the acid: small, white paper blotter with a red triangle in the middle.
	
Sean and me didn't think that these little pieces of paper could do anything. So, Sean and me carelessly put our two hits in our mouths. After thirty minutes, with no effects, I started to doubt if it was even real acid. But fifteen minutes after that I felt it's first effect. I was sitting on the couch, with Sean and David, and a just started laughing and giggling. Then Sean started doing it. David just thought we were acting like fools. I specifically remember me and Sean turned upside down on the couch and started 'walking' on the ceiling. I, then, realized that we did indeed get real acid. Daniel and Kevin soon came home and we told them that we were tripping our balls off. Kevin knew some knowledge about acid and he said we would probably be tripping for the next twelve to sixteen hours. I never thought acid lasted so long. Sean and me got worried, because we both had to work the next day at ten in the morning. Daniel had a dime-size joint, so we walked outside and started smoking it. Daniel started joking around, saying 'Whoa dude, your tripping' and 'You getting any visuals'. Daniel was also acting like he was going to hit me. That was when I started to feel the anxiety and nervousness that acid gives you. Almost like you have a sense of false security.
	
We got back inside the house and David, Daniel, and Kevin decided to go to bed. That was when Sean and me started peaking. My mind felt like it had million of questions, statements, thoughts, images, and colors racing threw it all at the same time. I found very simple things to be very amusing. Like staring at the ceiling, watching T.V., or playing with a cigarette. Sean had a pair a glow sticks and he soon began to wavy them around in different patterns and shapes. I found it very fascinating to look at them. Time only seemed to creep by. I remembered that Franz had also taken two hits and that he had to work the next day at eight in the morning. I didn't call him because I was so paranoid from the acid.
	
Everything that I looked at had an extra sparkle, even if it was dark in room. I began to worry if I was going to be able to going work, letting the acid get the best of me. But it was now six in the morning and I was still tripping, along with Sean. We watched cartoons for a while, and drank some milk. I walked over to the window and glanced outside. The sun's rays were just starting to come up. I was dazzled by the sky. It looked like someone littered the sky with watercolors. Then colors would change rapidly. 
	
We soon realized that we were going to have to go to work tripping still. I wasn't getting visuals still, but I could still see tracers, and I'd still see things in multi-colors. So did Sean. On our way to work I can still feel the nervousness that acid give you. Sean dropped me off, and told me that he'd call me later. 
	
At work, I'm a cashier. So, I had to interact with people a lot. I didn't like that idea. You could tell a difference in the way a talked to people. I'd try to avoid people, customers, and employees. My manager said I looked tired. I told her that I was out late last night. The effects completely whore off over the next couple hours at work.
	
Acid made me look at life in a new way. To explore my boundaries. If I could do acid again I would. I think it's amazing how acid makes you see and think about things. Oh ya, Franz tripped that night for his first time, too. Only he was alone. Now that would be weird.