Shrooms Are a Drug

It is the monday after 4:20 that I am writing this.  On this special holiday, Me and some friends, we'll call them D, S, and B, were awaiting an ounce from a good dealer.  This was about noon.  He finally showed up and announced, sadly, that the supply in my home town was almost gone and that all he could get ahold of was a dub of schwaz :(  but what could we expect trying to buy on 4:20.  He did manage to get an 1/8 of shrooms for every person.  

I had never tried shrooms before and was looking forward to it, and an 1/8 was plenty. We each ate our shrooms, rolled the dirt into a joint, and had some of the shoomies in a bowl for fun.  I felt nothing until we had the joint, come to think of it it was probobly psychoschematic and I now think i didn't get anything until later.

We went outside and walked around for a while.  The first thing I noticed was that the sun and street lights seemed very pretty, and I was amazed by a kaliedescope (?) that D had brought.  I was looking at it while we were walking up a hill... I pointed it at the sun to see and soon fell backwards.  Everyone then proceeded to fall down the hill in simulation.  We sat looking at the sky for what seemed like a couple minutes and got back up again, but it had been close to 45 minutes.

We were going to walk around a city block in a circle so we wouldn't get lost in a city we didn't know too well (our dealer saw us and picked us up, then dropped us off in the city and left, he's a bitch.) We figured we'd enjoy it so we set off.

Prior to this for a week or so, we stopped smoking weed to bring our tolerance down, and it did... a lot.  We completely forgot to take ANY turns at all and ended up walking in a straight line for an hour.  We were outside the city when we realized what we had done.  We were lost in some town, we didn't even know which, and we had no way to contact anyone for help.

We walked back into the city to find a phone.  We had no money for a pay-phone so we asked total strangers if we could borrow their cells.  This whole time I was completely in awe.  I was relaxed from the bud and just enjoying the shrooms.  My closed eye visuals all resembled women, the nekked kind.  I imagined them being nekkeb but it wasn't that detailed.  I was seeing beautiful shapes that were a brilliant rainbow colored with auras around everything.  One interesting occurance was hat any time I heard music or any sound, I saw what looked like distortion or a ripple in my eyesight.  As the trip progressed, they turned into sound waves which I LOVED because I'm a musician and this was amazing.

We founded someone who would let us use his phone but we had to wait.  He figured out we were tripping so he brought us back behind some building.  He pulled out a balloon of heroine and a needle, to our surprise, and asked if we wanted to try any.  We all declined and saw him inject himself, a wholly depressing experience.  He took a large 80's looking phone from a sleeping guy that was in the vicinity, which we used to all for a ride.

If it wasn't for the heroin shit, it would have been a perfect trip.  It wasn't very spiritual or anything, but it was quite fun.