This was to be my second time doing MDMA and my friend J's first. I had done Morning Glory seeds (to no effect), cocaine, mushrooms, and DXM before. J had done MG as well, along with Acid and coke, so we both have some background in phsychoactive chemicals. We had prepared a couple days in advance to do the MDMA, so our mindset and mood were both open.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

I drove over to his house around 3 in the afternoon. He snorted one and ate one initially. I ate both of mine. We headed out on the road with me driving soon after to pick up some beer. The package store is only about 15 mins away and J was already feeling it by then. He was laughing and had a huge shit-eating grin on his face and couldnt stop talking about how awsome he felt. I hadnt started to feel it yet. We continued on driving down to a local plaza where J got out and promptly threw up. The MDMA was just starting to hit me then. I had the typical comming on signs of clenching of the jaw, and hot and cold flashes. We sat in the parking lot for a while and I started to get paranoid that people were looking at us. J said they weren't, but we left anyway. We got stuck in traffic on the way out and we were cranking the music just twitching and dancing about in the car. Music is one of the most wonderful things in life on MDMA.

When we got to the mall, I stopped driving as I was starting to get severely impaired. It was about 3 hour since we initially dosed and we decided to take the other 2 pills each. It was the perfect night out and J and I were having a blast. The moon and stars had just come out. All of a sudden J lifts his arms in the air and starts saying the puppet master had him. Apparently, someone in the sky had strings attached to his arms and was pulling them around. He asked me to tell the puppet master to let him go. I did and his arms dropped. Neither of us could see the puppet master, but we both beleive whole-heartedly that he was there, pulling on invisable strings. The puppet master snagged me a couple of times too, yanking my arms in the air. Everytime J would either tell him to let go or cut the strings. We spent the rest of our time at an awsome bar at the mall, enjoying the trip. When we went home later both of slept fine that night, but the next day I discovered I had been grinding my teeth and biting my tongue alot. Both were VERY sore.

All in all, it was a wonderful time we had on it. Both of us grew much closer to each other, talking about anything and everything. We have done it together a couple of times since and everytime has been extremely gratifying. Going to concerts is the best while on it. We have seen everyone from Flickerstick to Cold to Slipknot on MDMA and it was all great.