I consider myself a responsible user of drugs; I stay away from the hard stuff and chemicals and although my pot use frequently gets to be a problem (especially when it messes with my school work).  I have had (almost) nothing but good experiences with mushrooms.

My first experience was with only 1 gram.  There was an overall general feeling of well being, it was like the first day of my life.  It was all I could do to keep from breaking out laughing; that's how good I felt.

The second time I tried them, I did 2.5 grams and I really understood what this drug could do.  At this level it is hard to be very social because I was really out of my head.  There is also an uncomfortable edge.  I call it 'getting the fear'.  Basically I began to worry that I was so out of it that I'll never be able to function normally again.  My real key to enjoying the mushroom experience is to try and let go of the fear, don't let it ruin my trip.  As nice as the closed eyed visuals and subtle to serious changes in my perception can be, they also have the potential to be really uncomfortable or frightening.   I remember a trip I took with a friend; he had taken about 4.5 grams and I had taken about 3.5.  It was too intense for him and although he didn't freak out, he was extremely uncomfortable.  We ended up walking around the neighborhood with a portable stereo just listening to music and talking to trees.  Very surreal.

My biggest trip was 4 grams.  Some people are into doing huge doses, but I think I found a personal threshold.  With a 4 gram dose, I was getting a lot of open-eye visuals (sometimes I can get these with as little as 2 or 2.5 grams, depends on potency) and although I was totally comfortable with the people I was with, I felt the need to leave the room as soon as the mushrooms began to kick in.  It's nearly impossible to be social with straight people when I am this whacked.  I spent a long time in my dark bed room, talking on the phone (which, miraculously, I was able to do).  There were spinning shapes everywhere I looked and music was turned into a three dimensional light show.  

A few things I can think of based on my own experiences:  Way better than pot for visualization- music is totally visual and immersive; makes food taste absolutely incredible; outside trips in climate weather are absolutely unbelievable.  I felt completely connected to living things (esp. trees...).  Although it's not the safest thing to do, a swim was a particularly nice experience.