I have before sampled MDMA, Speed, and Weed.  Mushrooms were next on the list.

I had spent all of Saturday doing housework and chores. I was exhausted, so I took a hot shower and took a nap. I awoke around 8:30, and it was just after dark. I felt full of energy, and I had an immense feeling of inner balance. I ingested ~2.10 grams of mushrooms I had purchased during the week. I grabbed a book, a CD player, and a little notebook and walked to the park. The music was obviously for ambience. I usually take a book when I'm going to be on something mild in public. It's a good excuse for why I'm laughing, on edge, sitting in a public place doing nothing, or staring intently at something. As I walked to the park, I felt something I don't always feel... It felt like there was a sort of electricity in the air; an energy, which was interacting with my body. It felt good.

By the time I got to the park, I was nearing the end of the coming up stage. Things were softer, yet sharper and more energetic. While some trees looked 'melty', lights were scintillating with an irresistible shimmer. I was sitting on the edge of an elevated concrete terrace, made for parents to watch their kids play baseball. As they often do, a cop drove by, and I saw him checking me out... I realized I had been not really visually registering what I had been seeing... I had been doing a lot more thinking for the past couple of minutes. I licked my finger and turned the page of my book. He kept looking, but when the light changed, he drove away. Call me paranoid, but hey, whatever. 

After that, I recall an immense amount of laughter, and some pretty amazing and beautiful visuals. The park was both well and poorly lit in different places, which provided a different type of experience as I moved around. My mental state had changed quite a bit, and I made some typical druggie observations about the world. I recalled that profitable drugs, and not always dangerous ones, were made illegal. The example I was thinking of was Datura versus Marijuana, when both are ingested orally. I don't know why this came to mind, but it did, and I felt a little annoyed that what I was doing was considered a great social evil. Thank god for scatterbrained thinking, because I began to think about pretty colors for a while after that. 

All in all I feel I had a positive experience. I did some writing while I was there, and a lot of it was pretty profound, or at the very least, good to reread. 

My observation with mushrooms was that the body high was nice, and the visuals were cool, but the state of mind was spectacular. Before this experience I would have found it impossible to actually imagine a truly *changed* perspective. Good trip. 6 hours of fun for 12 bucks. I paid more for Star Wars, and the only thing I got out of that was a desire for my money and my time back.