This experience actually happened about a year and a half ago, but because of the intensity of the trip I can still recall most of the night.  To start off, this was my first time trying anything besides alcohol and marijuana so I completely had no idea of what I was getting myself into.  I was at work one night and my buddy G called my and said that he and 5 of my other friends got a hold of a bunch of shrooms and asked me if I wanted in.  Since they've always intrigued me I told him I was up for it.  It was in the winter and very cold outside which meant all 7 of us trippers were stuck inside a 3 bedroom apartment which probably wasn't a good thing.  As soon as I got there they all had equal piles of the booms divided up on 7 plates, ready to be munched up.   We ingested them with a big glass of orange juice and waited for the fun to begin.  The first sign of the effects started when some one took a picture of us all sitting on the couch and the flash started making circles and took on a 3D shape with all sorts of geometric patterns and colors.  For about the next hour we were all laughing our asses off and staring into psychedelic posters with black lights everywhere and we were all having a blast just running around the apartment like little kids in a candy store.  

About an hour and a half into the trip is when things went straight down hill.  G, myself, and D were in G's bedroom jumping on the bed and listening to pink floyd when C walked into the room and started screaming "you guys I think I'm going crazy, I'm f***ing nuts, I think these things are the bad ones."  Then he ran out of the room in a frenzy without saying anything else.  Well this alone was enough to send us off the deep end too and we all just looked at each other in a state of panic for about 5 minutes.  So I'm trying to keep everything together and keep things positive but I couldn't take it anymore so I went into another bedroom and decided to lie down.

By this time I was really tripping hard and all I could see was patterns of fluorescent light coming at me from all directions and I literally thought I was sinking into the bed so I decided to get up and see how everyone else was doing.  When I walked out the door it was chaos.  Pictures were off the wall everywhere, lamps were broken and it looked like the place was broken into or something.  I turned the corner to see S staring at a pile of vomit on the floor and he was screaming  "G threw his lungs up, there's  f****ing blood everywhere, if we don't call the hospital he's going to f****ing die." Then he ran up to the phone and called 911, but luckily, very luckily, B had unhooked it before we ate them speculating that something like this would happen, which turned out to be one of the smartest things he's ever done in his life.  

Realizing that I was about to flip out again I decided to lie on the couch and calm down a little.  That's when the really freaky visuals started.  I was staring at a scarface poster with Pacino pointing a gun (which kept waving back and forth) when his eyes started bulging out of the poster and then appeared to melt over and over again in cycles.   I looked away at the walls and saw patterns of skulls protruding out of the walls and then melting, they wouldn't stop so I flipped over face down and stuffed my face into a pillow.  This was the point that the mental aspect of the mushrooms took affect.  I could do nothing but analyze everything.  

I started thinking about my parents and how they were just another couple and the only reason I know them and have any ties to them at all is based on a biological fluke.  The same with my friends, thinking that if I hadn't been associated with these people when I was younger that they would be just another group of people who meant nothing to me.  I felt so incredibly empty about everything (which later I learned could have been the point in the trip termed "ego-death.")  My thoughts became deeper and deeper, thinking about time and space and wondering if anything really mattered and if my entire existence on this planet was as meaningless and minute as a drop of water in an ocean.  I thought of the aspect of God and that maybe it is just an figment of our imagination that we make up in our heads so we can look forward to something after we die.  This really freaked me out because I consider myself to be a religious/spiritual person.  Every minute seemed like an hour and honestly I would have given anything to get out of the trip.  

Well after a while everyone started coming down and we realized we were back on earth and into reality, which was very reliving.  At this point everyone was laughing and all around happy to be with each other again even though we had spent the past 5-6 hours each other. We just sat around joking about how f****ed we were and smoked a bunch of dank.  Overall, coming down was pretty sweet because I still had that gitty feeling but knew what's going on.  I have tripped several times since that each time having a blast and generally really good trips, but never as intense as the first. 
