I was with my about 5 of my friends who were all planing on taking mushrooms together. We were all at our friends house and we took the mushrooms at about 10:00. I took an eighth, and the rest of everyone else about the same. About a half hour after eating them, I could feel the effects slowly come on. But by this time everyone else had already started to see some visuals. I hadn't yet. Out of nowhere everyone got really wierd vibes, and started to act wierd and leave to other rooms. So I was left with my friend Nny. We wanted to go on a walk, no one else did so we left. As soon as we walked out the door, I started to shroom harder immediately. We walked down the street deciding on where to walk to at 11:00 at night. All the cars passing by were so bright, I could hardly see. But everything else I saw was so intensely different, and just looked wierd and different from normal. We ended up walking to my apartment to hangout outside by a little lake thingy outside. 

I must say that when I am shrooming, I must be in a place with nature. Otherwise I feel out of place and left alone. So we walked down to the little lake. And began our adventure there. We stared at the water for what seemed like forever. Just watching the ripples, and ducks. Listening to all the noises of the night. Loving every single aspect of all living things. We stayed by the lake for nearly 2 or 3 hours. We peaked there at about 1:30 or 2. Peaking on mushrooms is sooooooo amazing. I felt like I was in my own little part of heaven. Just enjoying every single second. 

We moved on sown the street to find ourselves at the grocery store. What a trip. 'Imagine a huge building dedicated to serving you and every single one of your needs. Wall to wall food. Imagine that. '  Well, it's funner to try and understand such an amazing thing as that that night. We walked around all night just having one of the most amazing adventures ever in our lives.

While this is all going on, my best friend Tori was shrooming balls alone at home in her room (good trip), and our other friends are at thier apt sleepless, scared, and just plain old f'd up (bad trip)!!!

Anyway, so we walked back to the lake to come down, and try to get tired. Once rest was wanted, we wlaked back to my place at around 5 in the morning. I had to go to the work in the morning at 11. But I still had a great day to follow my trip. 

All I have to say is that was one hell of a trip.