Ok. I think I should not only describe the trip, I also have to explain the situation, because I believe that, the more extreme the situation you're in, the stronger the experiences are.

We were going to an illegal Goa party somewhere in middle Switserland. We didn't took anything yet, but you would almost get high from the experience of the way to the party. First, a cable took us to about 2000m, from there a chair cable to the top of the mountain, I guess about 3000m high. It was rainy weather, mist al over the mountains. The chair lift was my idea of a chairway/stairway to heaven. Snowfields – although it was summer –20 m below you, really, it resembles the stories of people dying, complete with the light at the end of the (mist) tunnel. The top of the mountain was in the clouds: we were standing 10m from on an edge like 1 km in height, without seeing and knowing the danger. I really had no idea where I was. There was only the small party field, completely surrounded by clouds. And we didn't took anything yet! We enjoyed the Goa for half an hour, till we met a guy who gave mushrooms, just for free. With 4, we shared 3 big mushrooms. It was the first time I took mushrooms. It first gave me a very bad feeling in my stomach. The feeling when you ate something and you feel uncomfortable. But this vanished with the mushrooms being broken down.  After about 30 min. the trip started.

My friends, just started dancing on the pounding music, but I really didn't get the point of dancing that much. I also felt strength in my legs and kneeholes, but dancing, no. I felt like I hade 2 brains, no kidding. The first one was tripping on the drug, the other one was my "normal" brain, looking to myself and making comments of my tripping brain. It was this feeling that I enjoyed the most. Like stepping out of yourself. The whole night I didn't dance, but I was thinking, about everything. I must have scanned about my whole memory. I made theories and everything seems to fit perfectly. It is difficult to describe, but if someone would tell me that Einstein developed his relativity theory while tripping on mushrooms, I would believe that immediately. Just a pity that I couldn't write down or record all my thoughts: there were worth gold. This thinking all happened while I was doing other things.
Mainly laughing.

This is a piece of conversation (between my "two brains") I remember very well: I was sitting and was staring my shoes, which were very dirty. I started laughing (really heavy laugh) because they where dirty. Then I stopped, and I considered that this was actually not funny. Then I just started laughing because I found out it wasn't funny.

This is another very strange thing I remember: I asked the "source" what he gave me. In very poor English (he spoke French) he said something about  "locib". Anyway, I didn't understood. Once I was tripping, I heard that word again, but every letter 5 or 6 times like ppppppssssssiiiiilllll.. And so on, I could easily understand the word Psilocybe, the name of the mushroom. The next 4 ours I spend in my small camping tent with my girlfriend (who was also tripping on this mushroom). It was about 0°C (3000m height), but we didn't feel any cold. The tent was white, but we saw about every color. Also the idea of sex, but we really had no need for that. Just talking and laughing was so much more fun! It was about 6 o'clock in the morning (daylight) when I opened my tent, the mist was gone, and I saw I was on the top of the mountain. We were above the mist, above the clouds, in the middle of a snowfield. This was so unreal, so psychedelic that we started laughing again.