I was in amsterdam and it was my last night and I decided to try some mushrooms, I'd had some the night before and all they had done was to give me loads of energy so I thought that I would do more and see what happened. First I bought a bag of a hawaiian variety of mushroom, they were dried and are the common type that are advertised in Amsterdam head shops as the strongest type.

I ate 3/4 of this bag and gave the rest to someone else. An hour or so later colour was sharper and everything was bright but I didn't think that was enough so I bought another box, this time of fresh mushrooms called 'philosophers stones' and ate most of that box. My friends and I all went to a pub to drink some and smoke some weed. While I was smoking one of my friends was very drunk and being really aggressive especially to me, this of course didn't put me in a good mood at all and I started getting really really anxious and felt like the pub was a terrible place to be, then I looked at the table which was a pool table with a green cloth over it and loads of beermats, as I looked at the table one of the beermats bent itself over the crease in the cloth and that scared me. So I asked some people there who I trusted to get me some orange to bring me down which they did, I then went outside and then I knew that I was in way over my head. Stuff started looking really weird and sounds were repeating themselves, then my friend who was being really aggressive came out and was really really aggressive to me and I started shaking my head and telling everyone that he wasn't helping and that I needed to get out of here. He carried on and then I started crying cos it was so scary.

I started back to a friends hotel room and on the way I couldn't tell what was going on or where we were going but I was being lead by my aggressive friend and he kept talking to me about marilyn manson and how depressing and evil he was, he obviously knew nothing about people on drugs and didn't realise in his drunken state what he was doing to my, by this point, very fragile psyche

I barely made it to the bed before collapsing and then the world just exploded, I couldn't see anything anymore and everything formed patterns, it felt like I was seeping away from my body and I was really scared cos I was plowed under by visuals, even shutting my eyes didn't help. Sounds kept repeating and getting louder so I opened my eyes and looked around the room, I saw what I thought was the room dissolving into patterns and shapes and every time I got back to what I thought was real I started thinking, is this really what I'm seeing or my mind. I was having a really scary trip by this point and literally when I opened my eyes everything looked to be made out of blocks of pastel colour, one of the people in the rooms face became a skeleton and started melting into the floor and another when they moved only a black outline of ther face moved and I couldnt tell what people were saying or whether I was imagining it. I kept feeling like I was slipping away from my body and I had no idea what was real and what wasn't, everything around me felt very oppressive and sounds and visuals kept repeating. For example on the ceiling was one of those small round air extractors and whenever I looked at it all the white plastic started to bend and all the ceiling around it dissolved into green swirling patterns. Its a shame that I was so anxious because under other circumstances I'm sure that the visuals would have been amazing but in this case I could stop my anxiety and everything was just overwhelming and terrifying to me.

I would guess that I had been in the room 3/4 of an hour or so before the landlord of the hotel came upstairs to throw us out, at this point my previously aggressive friend led me out of the building and had to hold my hand because all the walls and floor were bending and his face kept dissolving into maggots.

They then decided that we could go to the other hotel which we had previously stayed in and where out bags were stored, at this point I guess the mushrooms must have been wearing off as I got in the cab although little things kept mesmerising me and distracting me suddenly my trip was really great. In the cab I felt much better and suddenly the lights we were whizzing past looked amazing and I kept laughing while the world dissolved into blocky mosaic patterns and then re-emerged. When we got to the hotel everything seemed to have 4 outlines like a motion blur but I felt like I had a plan and an objective, to get to the airport, and that I could easily do it. At this point I sat down and looked around and it was amazing, everything was bright and patterned but in a way that wasn't so overwhelming. 

Once we got the bags we took another taxi to the airport and this was amazing because my previously aggressive friend was now his normal very very amusing self and I remember being unable to stop laughing at just anything he said and all the while out of the windows looked really like a film and things kept dissolving which was fascinating, I remember a bracelet I had on getting cauht on my jumper and I unable to remove it as I couldn't see it properly just finding it amazing that I couldn't undo this thing, also when I licked my lips I could feel every single hair on it in microscopic detail.

When we got to the airport we went in and it was really confusing as the long white corridors kept melting away and rooms kept changing size and shape but it was fine, at this point I felt down to earth enough to go outside and have a joint, which I did, and from then on all that really happened was that colours were alot brighter and everything was much more interesting, sadly by this time I had gotten used to the visuals and wanted more but they didn't come.

The only other weird feeling I had that night was at about 4 a.m when my friends arrived at the airport and looking at them from where I was it was like I was looking at people acting infront of a bluescreen airport background.

So that was my trip and although at its peak it scared the hell out of me as I was so paranoid and upset I think it was a great thing to do and I would love to do it again but in a more comfortable surrounding. Theres so much that I cant explain about the mental state that I was in especially during the peak but it wasn't pleasant and I would advise caution to be taken when doing that many shrooms and for the first time and also to have people around who totally understand its effects because for me it was my friends aggression towards me which totally made me snap and turned me into a paranoid wreck for half the night