I've tripped a few times before this with doses of about 2 to 4 grams, and I've had good trips all before. But tonight I was alone. Something I'd recomend strongly against is tripping alone. Well tonight I had 7.5 grams of nice dried shrooms. I started off by eating 3 or 4 grams of the stuff, which was all I had planned.

But three hours later I didn't feel anything at all. From experience and from what I've heard, it takes maybe 10 minutes to an hour to kick in, but three hours? So I ate the rest, a very stupid thing to do. 

About 15 minutes later it kicked in. The world became colorful. Everything without detail became covered with purple O's with green in the middle. Things changed color and I remember seeing into my hand. This was from 11 PM to somewhere between 1 and 2 AM. But soon I noticed that I wasn't moving and thinking logically. I would try to do something and it would come out all wrong. I suddenly started thinking 'why did I do this!?' or 'this was so stupid!' I tried moving around but that didn't help. 

At this point everything I saw went crazy. The infamous purple/green O's I always see (every time I've tripped they appear on half the stuff I look at) were everywhere and weren't fading. Things were contorting and I was getting claustrophobic as hell. I decided I'd better make myself puke (I wasn't thinking straight though as the psilocyben was already in my system) but my gag reaction was 100% gone. I could literally stick my hand down my throat and feel nothing. So I decided to go to the hospital and get my stomach pumped (like I said, I didn't think that the stuff was all in my system). I live only a few blocks from the hospital but I was going to take my car (I'd just gotten my license) but I couldn't remember which side was drivers side and which side was passenger side. So I stumbled to the hospital (I couldn't've walked straight for a million dollars) and they just decided to watch me for an hour, after they explained that it was too late to pump my stomach.

Now before this I was just really freaked out but when I sat in their chair I became more scared than I'd ever been in my entire life. The room was moving. The doctors talked to me, I don't remember much of it, but I remember thinking I felt retarded. I would try to do something and it just wouldn't work. That's an incredibly scary feeling to have. After the doctors left I continued to be tortured by the room and than in one quick sweep, a wave of pure darkness surrounded me and a small, maybe 3 feet or so, with a figure with a pure white body walked out. It was just like a person, on scale but obviously smaller, but it had no details, I could only see the contour. As it walked out I just realized that it was death and at that moment I was positive I would die. It was the scariest moment of my life. As the effects of the shrooms started to die down they let me walk home. 

When I got back I was still tripping and even though not so harshly, it wasn't good. So I layed down for what seemed an eternity until I was able to go to sleep.