
The story begins when my brother got back from college for his winter break and had brought back a film canister full of nugs.  His drug of choice had always been alcohol, so he wasn't that reluctant to hand the canister on to me for a small fee.  I gave him a 20, grabbed the canister, and left to pick up a few friends.

Once I had picked three kids up, it was about 8 pm and we decided to stop at a parking lot to light up.  My friend, Allen, brought his sweet glass pipe with him and I started to pack a bowl.  It was cold out, being december, so we stood in a circle to help stay warm and keep the wind from blowing out the flame.

I was the first one to smoke.  I lit up and inhaled deeply, being the experienced smoker that I am.  This had to of been the hugest hit of my entire life, because it forced me to double over onto the ground and cough the saliva up from the back of my throat.  I managed to pull myself up back onto my feet with the help of two of my friends.  The first thing that I did once on my feet was try to lick my friend Dan's face, since he was so close to me after helping me up.

After smoking, my friends thought it would be cool to see Lord of the Rings on it's opening day.  I hopped into the driver's seat and immediately realised that I wouldn't be able to drive us anywhere in my condition.  We all piled out and started playing tag in the parking lot.  I made sure that I didn't run too fast so that I wouldn't trip; it wouldn't have hurt at all then, but i would've felt it in the morning.

After tiring ourselves out a litte, we hopped back into the car and headed down towards the movie theatre.  At the time, I was an inexperienced driver and forgot to turn my lights on, even though it was pitch black outside.  On the way there, I think I see the turn off for the movie theatre, so I pull into the left lane.  After a few seconds of bumpy driving, my friend enlightens me to the fact that I'm off the road, which I correct as if it were an everyday occurance.  It wasn't until later that I realised how close to death we'd come.

Now I've read all of the Lord of the Rings books and was heavily psyched to see this movie.  After a few confusing happenings buying tickets and seeing friends from school, we get into the movie.  Even if I had been in my right mind, this movie would have been sweet, but after smoking what I had, it was nothing short of a religious experience.  I highly recommend seeing it even without smoking first.