So I've been quite a smoker for a time now but this would be the first time I smoked a real bong. It all started with that I went over to my friends house to smoke some ZeroZero (good hashish). We always just roll one joint not two, we roll the other one when we feel like we need some more. Anyway my friend is da bomb at rollin' joints, he really is, we call him the Professor.

So he made one and we smoked it, this is big papers, not regular so it's like maybe 1 gram in one joint. And we got stoned, after a while we thought let's make another one so we did and smoked that too, now we were really stoned. And then a couple of friends arrived with more hashish, and they made a water pipe, so we smoked maybe 3 hits of that pipe. Now we all were really stoned, more stoned than before. So we just chilled while talking and stuff, and then a friends mobile phone rang and he answered it. After he had hung up he told us that our 'drug dealer' was coming to visit us with even more hashish, he said that he would bring a bong.

And then my friend said that he didn't think that I could make it, smoking a bong that is, so I said oh yeah? let's make a bet, 2 dollars on that I can, he agreed. Then the dealer came and pulled the bong from a bag and laid it on the table, while he was mixing some hashish. He first took the hit, then it was my turn. He said just inhale like hell, and I did, and I thought this isn't that bad...then I heard his voice telling me to let go of the hole.

I thought oh my god I'm not done yet?

So I let it go, and there was so much smoke that it came up again without exhaling it. So I started to cough, and all my friends started to laugh their lungs out and I ran to the bathroom and just coughed in the toilet. Then it was over I went to lay down on my friends bed, I felt like something told me to go to the bathroom again, so I did. And just when I got in I puked my hamburger that I had eaten earlier right up, so it wasn't that bad because it still tasted like hamburger. But after a while I was soo totaly lost I was laying on the side on the toilet just trying to get things straight again, I was really tired. And then all suddenly I saw a big shining bathtub, I thought that it would be great to lay down there, but then I realised how 'junkie' it would be so I stayed where I were, near the toilet :)

After a while I looked up again and I was lying on the floor, but there were no bathtub there. I didn't realise that I was halucinating so I just walked to my friends again.
After a while me and my friend left, I don't have a single idea how I got home but I did...

It might not have been all that fun but it was an experience and I got a small idea how to smoke a bong next time.