It was a typical Sunday morning, I was at a friends house, who was actually a DD who I had met quite recently, and became good friends with.  There were about 6 of us in the house, and as I was new to this circle of friends, I didn't really know them that well, but well enough, anyway.

I had been awake for about three days, (not unusual for me at all) taking a few points of speed every few hours, and I was probably the most well slept of the bunch.  My friend/dealer (lets call him J) had just informed me that he had obtained some pure ketamine.  I had not tried ketamine before, except in shitty pills with only small amounts, so I was quite eager to explore the substance.  I proceeded to purchase a small amount, what looked like a point of speed. It was a fine white powder, not unlike glucose in its appearence.

Let me just say this: I IV almost everything. I love it.  you could almost say that I have a needle fetish.  And being me, there was no  doubt in my mind in how I was going to have the ketamine.  I did not know at the time that intramuscular was the way to go, and even if I did, I probably would have IV'd it anyway, and not being familiar with the sheer intensity of the K experience, I thought that it wouldn't be that intense, after all, I was only shooting a point.

~11:00am  J gives me the ketamine wrapped in a bit of paper, and I proceed to the kitchen with it, as this is where needles were to be used in this house.  As I walk out of the room, J, realising I'm going to the kitchen and therefore injecting it, says 
'If your going to whack it, don't have it all at once'.

As J does not use needles, I think to myself 'yeah, shutup. I know what I'm doing'  I couldn't have been further from the truth.  J has been around a long time, so while he may not have done it, he has certainly seen someone do it!  I should have listened to him.

So anyway, I put the whole point (or whatever) into the spoon, mix it up, fill the FIT and shoot it into my arm.  I manage to pack up the stuff I have left out within 20 secs, then I proceed to go back to the lounge where everyone is sitting.  As I start walking, I feel my body begin to buzz, quite like the initial come up of MDMA, without the warmth. Keep in mind that it has only been about 30 secs since administration.  I enter the lounge, and walk over to the beanbag, which is free, while casualy chatting to my friends. By the time I get to the beanbag, it has been around 50 secs since administration.

11:01am  My ass hits the beanbag and my mind leaves my body, all in one fluid motion.  My field of vision instantly becomes like a TV with the vertical hold set incorrectly, that is I can still see whats in front of me, however, it is scrolling downwards and reappearing at the top at the rate of about 2 or three times a second.  I probably looked pretty spaced out at the time, and I'm guessing someone must have said my name asking me if I was okay.  I began to think to myself 'Steve?' (thats me) 'What is steve'  The idea of 'Steve' was not entirely unfamiliar, but seemed like a distant memory or something.  I knew that there were people in the room, I could just make them out in my flickering vision, but I was quite confused as to actually who/what they were.  I wondered if I was like them, a person too.  And if I was really there, and whether or not I existed, actually, more like whether or not the universe existed. It is quit hard to explain the confused state my mind was in.  'Was I a Steve?' I thought.  It must have only been 11:03 or something, and the experience got more intense.  What little connection I had with the world disappeared as the scrolling got faster and faster, until I left that reality and went to what I can only describe as 'lego-land'.

In front of me was a vast field of green, but it was just like the flooring for a lego world, like a very large flat piece with the nodules all over it.  Everything was a bright and colourful, and I could see a lego man walking along, about 100 or so metres away (~300 ft).  I  cant remember this stage very well, my mind was hazy, but I looked in one direction, and there was a giant bright coloured ferris wheel in front of me.  I remember thinking to myself 'I must have been on that ferris wheel, thats why my vision was scrolling before'  I know, it doesnt make much sense but thats what I thought at the time :) 

I dont know how long it had been, (perhaps 10-20 minutes?) but next thing I knew, I had left lego-land and been instantly transported to a padded cell in a mental home.  I even had a straight jacket on!  A man dressed all in white (like a doctor) opened my cell door holding a tray with a glass of water and some tablets. I opend my mouth and he put the tablets in, and then held the glass of water up to my mouth so I could swallow.  At that point, it was like I really was the mental patient.  I was in a state that I imagine a baby lives in, that is, I had no idea who/what/where I was, what this thing that gave me tablets was, what tablets were, anything.  Instinct alone led me to open my mouth and drink the water.  

What is really wierd is that according to the others in the room, I was talking about how I am in Greylands (a mental home in Perth, WA, which is where I lived 4 years prior to this experience!) and how I am a mental patient. Apparently I also mentioned my auntie (who has been in there for schizophrenia).  So even though I was completely in the mental home as faar as I was concerned, I could still talk to my friends, even though I have no recollection of doing it!!
  
After an unknown amount of time in the mental home (maybe 20-30 min?) I suddenly got transported back to reality, (sort of) because I could now see my hands in front of my face.  Except they were made of polystyrene foam.  They were 'my' hands though, I dont know how I knew, but I just knew.  The drug must have been starting to wear off.

I began to wiggle my fingers, and they really felt like brittle foam. I sat there playing with them, at one point I was going to try and snap off one of my fingers, but I must have got distracted. (lucky!) As far as I know, I just sat there playing with my hands until the drug wore off to the point where I could function 'normally' again.  I looked at the time, it was about 11:45am.  

I began to discuss the trip with my friends, who had a good laugh about it. They told me that the whole time I was pretty much just peacefully staring into space, even when I was talking about the mental home, except that at some stage during the trip, a friend said that they offered me a glass of water, and that I pushed it back yelling 'No! It's gonna explode!'  They said my facial expression was just like if they had handed me a bomb or something.  I have no recollection of that.

The only after effects were a slight scatteredness that lasted about 3 or 4 hours.

So there you have it, that's what happened when I IV'd a point of pure ketamine. It was hands down THE most intense experience of my life, it made trips look like lollies!

Would I do it again? Well, for about two months after that experience, I thought no way.  It's been about 6 months now, and I would now, but perhaps I would IM it. But I cant get pure ketamine at the moment, so it will have to wait for another day.