I had just gotten out of work on a Saturday night and I pulled my usual routine of calling around to see whats happening in my small suburban town. A friend told me to meet him at a park where a few of our mutual friends had gathered to drink and smoke, a girl, lets call her cindy, was sniffing vodka through her nose, several other girls were drinking beers, and I and a few other male friends were playing 20 questions.
The Only marijuana available at the park was bricked out dirt weed which i had acquired a quarter pound of the week before. I refused to smoke this as I wasn't sure what percentage of it was actually marijuana. Thus began the search for high potency buds. Within 15 minutes a connect had been established and buds were on the way, we purchased 3 dub sacks and a eighth for a total of 110$. I recieved my 20 bag and we departed for the park.

Once we got to the park the gravity bong was filled and it was time to get started, now, this was the first time I got a good look at this weed, and it was beautiful. the bong was packed up and as I lit up and started raising the hitter, the milky white smoke filled the chamber quickly and smoothly. I removed the top and went down on the bottle thrusting 2 liters of thick smoke deep into my lungs. I quickly was knocked out, coughing and heaving but still down for another hit. I repeated this 5 times until the bowl was kicked. and started my journey towards the basketball courts.

I paid attention to nothing anyone said. My life had turned into a documentary, like 'This is Your Life' and I had no control over what I was doing. I could hear my voice narrating the events as they happened and i had completely lost touch of reality. Due to the fact that there was a young lady at the park I had the previous intention of hooking up with, it was of upmost importance to keep in touch with reality and not look like a moron. I was shit out of luck, as i stumbled into the car and the music turned on my life became the music. My heartbeat was moving to the beat of the music and my mind was enthralled in the deep bass of the song 'SIOSOS' by the Spooks.

I tried telling myself i was coming down but the fact was I was in another world. I convinced myself the marijuana was laced with Acid or PCP, and i started to get visuals. This was the first and only time I have ever experienced visuals with marijuana use, and they were powerful. The stoplights were bouncing to the music and whenever something miraculous like this happened I would experience a 'Mindgasm' the only way I can begin to describe it would be if you were traveling at 2000 mph, flipping through space. Your world collapses and everything around you becomes unreal. It is a relieving feeling but if it occurs too many times, it could induce vomiting. We arrived at Wendys and i purchased a 5 piece chicken and a Biggie Fry. This was a very smart move. The food started to give me a grip on what was going on. Which was good. The documentary voice was telling me that I should play the roll of the 'shy guy' in order to play off the mind games that were destroying my sanity. So I watched out the window, experiencing several more mindgasms before we reached my car.

I drove my car home subconciously as I wasn't aware of anything but the road directly in front of me. Successfully dropped off the girls and headed home. I started to come down T+4:00 after the experience and was finally able to attain a deep sleep. The experience, although a bit nauseating at times, was amazing and enlightening. I will savor the remaining buds and hope to share this experience and pass on my story to others. I strongly suggest marijauna for everyone that hasnt done it yet, as it is a wonderful substance and has changed my life for the better.