I've smoked weed for about two years, and nothing really freaky had ever happened to me on it until the other day.  
I was with my close friend in a familiar setting and we rolled up a joint using a blockbuster receipt.  We smoked it and came back inside to watch some TV.  Now, after about 30 minutes the trip began.  I looked over at my friend (S) who was sitting on the couch, and he was laughing hysterically, and suddenly I noticed that his canine teeth were bright glowing red, but I briefly snapped out of it.  This friend likes to fuck around with people when they are stoned, so I just shrugged it off.  I looked over again however, and he was eating a pop-tart.  All the red on the inside was sticking to his teeth.  It looked like he had really bad cottonmouth and the poptart was sticking to it.  As I noticed this, he started chomping his teeth together in an exaggerated fashion and it really freaked me out.  I yelled at him 'holy shit what the fuck is wrong with you??' he continued chomping.  I said ' that's so fuckin weird! go look at yourself in the mirror!' he ran over to the mirror, but disappeared so i couldn't see his reaction to his condition.  He charged back over to me and started attacking me.  I balled up on the floor in fear of my life.  After being on the floor for about 3 seconds i snapped out of it.  I was sitting back up in my chair looking at him.  I yelled 'holy shit man' he said 'what?' I said ' didnt you just...' I told him everything that just happened, and he said no, man I have no idea what you're talking about.  I asked him again.  he said 'yeah it just happened' i felt relieved briefly, until I looked over at him again.  This time it looked like his mouth was all gums, with a couple of tiny slivers of teeth sticking out of the gums.  This time, I heard the high-pitched squeal of the strings in the movie 'psycho' (as he's killing the girl).  I screamed and ran over to him yelling 'Please, man, stop fucking with me I swear to god...your freaking me out man' I was on the verge of tears I was so scared.  At this point, everything seemed to be normal again, but who knows when I could switch back into 'freak-out' mode.  I said 'man I have to go...' I knew it was in my best interest to get out before I did something too insane like try to kill him.  It was like being trapped inside of a nightmare. I kept thinking I was snapping out of it, but I never really did, the visions just kept coming back, with a slight variance on it each time.

After that, I didnt really feel stoned or anything, just strange. Very very strange.  No more hallucinations, just chills from fear of my life.  I still get chills just thinking about how afraid I was.

My psychiatrist has hinted to me that smoking weed is not good for me, since I experience mild hallucinations when I'm straight. However, those are not visual hallucinations, but instead, tactile ones. I feel things in such an exaggerated fashion that I have to avoid certain situations because of those strange feelings. I am afraid to go into the ocean because when I go under and come back up, the feeling of a 'zone-jump' is so intense that it makes me feel dizzy and my skin feels dried out like I'm a raisin.

So, one idea is that marijuana brought my so called 'hallucinations' to the next level in this case particularly for some reason.

The other idea is, my friend told me that smoking a receipt joint with a lot of ink on it can make you trip.  Blockbuster receipts are thouroughly coated in ink.  I hope that is the reason why I freaked out, because I've always enjoyed getting high, and I dont really want to quit smoking just because I tripped out one time on some shitty weed in an ink-saturated receipt.

Either way, I'm scared shitless of my friend now.  Every time I see him, all I can think about is that incident, and how scared I am that my hallucination will come back if I continue to smoke weed.