A few months ago, (I'm merely recollecting), I bought a sack of the strangest pot I've ever seen before from the person I normally go to. It was expensive ($75/quarter, a normal quarter would cost $20-$30), and it was soft and bright green/white. No seeds, no stems. Amazing! Well, setting has always been important to me, so I thought a good idea would be to go into the bathroom and turn the shower on HOT, as to get the bathroom nice and steamy. (This is a good way to relieve stress, btw.) After 10 minutes, I could hardly see the pipe that I was going to use to smoke the beautiful bud. I filled one bowl full and took my bic to it, taking nice, long hits and holding them in for about 10-15 seconds each. I couldn't help but cough a couple of times, and I hardly EVER cough. I finished the bowl, changed the water tempurature from scolding to warm, and jumped in. I'd say I got 15 hits from that bowl, and that's all I needed!

Two to three minutes later I was in the amazon. I could feel the mist from a great waterfall and I could actually hear tribesmen talking in a native tounge. Odd, huh? Just wait. I was diggin' this new high, it was genuinely mystical, until I discovered that I had been using shampoo to clean my body. I broke out in hysterics, but that was to be expected. I calmed myself down and I stood in the shower, just enjoying the feeling. Then it happened. Something that has never happened before and will probably never happen again. I was listening to music. Real music, although it was a song I've never heard before. I heard a song, chorus and all, being sung by a female vocalist. Guitar, bells, chimes, everything. I wanted to write it down but I'm sure it was going to be gone by the time I got out of the shower, so I stood there for a while with a huge smile plastered to my face, totally zoned out. I got out of the shower, still blown out of my mind, and still listening to the song! I managed to dry off in time to write down a tiny bit of the song, it may have been the chorus...'Your face is pale, but I understand, I sent you a letter so check your mail.' Yeah. I have no idea. Point being, I heard it, and I was amazing. After that, the song sort of ended and I went into the kitchen and had the best damn sandwich I've ever had. :)