Beautiful First Trip

I have been smoking marijuana for nearly a year now, and while I love it I've always been intrigued by other drugs, more specifically psychedelic drugs like mushrooms, LSD, etc. Unfortunately it is rather hard for me to come by things like this...they're a rather precious commodity where I live. However a friend of mine recently said he could get me some magic mushrooms, so I readily accepted. The cost was 30 dollars for an eighth which was expensive for me, but I went ahead an bought a quarter anyhow.

Last night I decided to trip for my first time despite the warnings I've received about bad trips, people being scared their first time, tripping alone, etc. Frankly I knew I would be ok. I broke up half of an eighth into really small pieces, and chewed and swallowed some by themselves, and washed pinches of the stuff down like pills with sprite. It took maybe fifteen minutes to get this done. I got in the shower and listened to some music for a while as I bathed. Not much happened for about half an hour, although I did notice some extremely small effects, such as pupil dilation and rounder doors.

I decided I would take the rest of the 1/8 (I didnt want to overdo it by taking too much at once for my first time) and make tea out of it. Next time I trip, I'm just going to use tea. Its not bad at all, and easier to get down than the raw, dried mushrooms. I broke up the remaining 1/16 ounce of mushrooms and put them in a metal tea ball, and put it in a cup with some honey and a bag of earl grey. Put in the nearly boiling water and let it sit for ten minutes and then sipped it slowly while watching 'the Wizard of Oz.'

Now is when things started to get good. At the part where Dorothy is being interrogated as to whether she is a good or bad witch, I seemed to know I was on to something. I left my room to use the bathroom, and while there I realized I was most definitely tripping. The whole concept of space bent a little bit, and it was hard to judge distances since things moved a little bit. Looking at the rows of brilliant lightbulbs over the mirror, I could see kaleidoscopic patterns in each. Looking in the mirror was more fun than anything else, though. I looked at myself and watched me turn into an old man, and then into a hairy, ogre-like thing. Finally I stared at my reflection long enough that I became nothing but a series of pastel and neon colors collected together in the shape of a man. The whole room took on this aspect for about a minute before it changed back.

For several hours I went back and forth between the bathroom, my bedroom, and the computer room (I spent a lot of time in the WC despite the fact that I didnt have to use it...the light and colors in there were great.)

I listened to some music on my headphones while lying in bed...various things, among them Donovan (who I usually dislike) and drew for a little while, which was pretty fun. Later I just layed in bed while I watched thin multicolored lines of light race around the walls in a fashion reminiscent somehow of a pinball machine or video arcade.

At one point I was lying in bed and felt completely sure that my arm was about a foot away from the rest of my body and completely separate. Slowly but surely I began coming down, and eventually went to sleep still high, but no longer tripping...

It was definitely worth the 30 dollars, I will definitely take more mushrooms in the future, and when I have an opportunity I will definitely order spores. This was far better than weed, and the idea of doing mushrooms in a group setting appeals to me immensely...I hope I can get a nice sized group sometime. Next time, though, I'm shrooming with my friend that got these for me. I hope its just as good :)