One night I found out some kid I know had some mushrooms so me and my buddy picked up 3g to split.  It was a weeknight and I was planning on doing a full 1/8th of them later on in the week with a larger group of people, but I wanted just a little preview so I took 1.5g with just one other person.  

We ate them right after dinner.  I was just chillin out with some friends and they kept asking me if they were working, I was just like no not yet, anticipating to trip.  We smoked a little bit while waiting for the effects come on.  They finally did 4 hours later which seemed kind of odd to me.  

We put on Wizard of Oz, a great movie to watch when your tripping.  I felt I was drawn into the movie, that I was right there alongside with Dorthey.  My concentration was 100% on the movie on nothing around me could distract me.  I found watching this movie was such a rewarding experience.  My mind was racing and I was amazed by the creativity that went into making this movie. I took a look at myself and asked myself why am I doing shroomz?  I wanted a better answer than because it's fun. I started thinking deeply and I came up with a theory and this is what I came up with...

When I was a little kid, around 3-5 years old, all kinds of crazy things came out of my mouth, and the ridiculous ideas flowing through myhead, the crazy dreams I had.  At that time I had such a vivid imagination and open-mindedness, without societies influences.  As I grow up I've become closed minded and lost my vivid imagination, I think inside the box, the way I am taught to think.  I lose our innocence.  When I was a kid, I could talk to anyone and make friends without thinking.  I never judged people; I never had stereotypes or prejudices.  As I grow older I start to judge people and have those stereotypes and prejudices.  It was so fun being a little kid, that's I use drugs.  I want to go back to the time when I was a kid, when I had pure innocent fun just being opened minded and imaginative.

As kids I would watch movies like Wizard of Oz and love them because I had such a great imagination and I was open-minded.  If I watched them now while sober I would think it's a silly movie.  Drugs allow me to go back to the time I was a kid and appreciate the movie because drugs give me the imagination and open-mindedness that has since faded away.

Doing shroomz was such a great experience that opened my mind so much.