I've been doing drugs for about two years now and none of the experiances I've had can compair to the ones I've had on 'K'. 

One night my boyfriend, me, and a couple of friends got a hotel room so we could chill out because we had all rolled the night before when we got settled into the room we decided that we wern't done partying yet but we wanted something that was kinda chill. So we cooked up the two viles (2grams) of 'K' we had. My boyfriend and I split one of the viles in half he sniffed his in one line and then layed on the floor, I sniffed about a three inch line to start me off. I then closed my eyes because I knew I was going to go to a whole other world. 

About five minutes after that I felt as if I sank into the floor my eyes were still closed, I could still hear everything that was going on around me there was pro skateboarding on the television then all of a sudden I was the skateboard I was doing all the tricks they were doing it was awsome. Then I got really cold then I felt like I was water and I went down a drain then I came back to, my friend that was sitting right next to me said she felt as if she went down the drain with me. 

Then I felt like getting a little crazy I sniffed the rest of it. I had never sniffed that much at once before I wasn't sure exactly what was going to happen. Not even two minutes later it kicked in. I closed my eyes because I couldn't see straight and it made me a little sick to my tummy. All I could think about was not puking in front of everyone so I tried to walk to the bathroom and I couldn't stand up much less walk so I told my friend and she helped me to the bathroom. I puked then I layed on the bathroom floor with my friend who was also really messed up and I started to feel like I couldn't breathe all I could do was take tiny fast paced breaths. It scared me. Then I started to think to myself I was going to die if I didn't breathe I think my friend could tell I was scared or maybe I told her because she started to rub my head and tell me everything was ok. When I calmed down we walked back out into the room and layed on the bed then things really got crazy I started seeing people who weren't there and I thought we were in reality and I was having an affair with my boyfriend. In my mind he was someone elses boyfriend. Then I looked toward the windows and the whole side of the hotel fell and I could see outside, I thought the curtins were open but they weren't. I knew this for sure when I watched the wall build itself back up and I could see they were closed. That freaked me out so I closed my eyes again and I started to tell myself it wasn't real. Then I sank into the bed after that I felt better and I knew I could control what I saw and after that I just felt really relaxed and calm. I could hear everything around me again there was music on and a couple people were telling each other what they felt and saw then my mind went to the music and I felt like I was zooming around on a spaceship. 

Probably fifteen minutes after I came back to, the whole experiance lasted probably about an hour and fourty five minutes but I could still feel it I felt kind of drunk. 

I don't have anything bad to say about 'K' but if your going to do it do small amounts until you know what your mind and your body can handle not what you think you can handle ask someone whos done it if your not sure because you'll end up scareing yourself or making yourself sick. One more thing NEVER drink alcohol no matter what your friend tells you, trust me.