Halloween was coming up and me and some of my closer friends were tryin to figure out something fun to do for this festive occasion.

We first tried looking for some LSD as to have a magical and comical trip, but thoes plans soon feel through. Then another oppourtunity arouse, we had the chance to buy some pure ecstasy from one of my friends family members. This was my first expeirience with E by the way and I was told it was going to be a really good roll. So I was pretty psyched about it. 
The time came for us to pop the pills, we each ingested them at around 5:30 p.m. Just before having a lil smoke before hitting the streets. Well the weed was the shittiest weed I ever smoked in my life (well we got it for free so what was I supposed to expect)so it wore off by the time the pill kicked in.

Well the shwag we had was a pretty shitty start to the night, my back began to hurt and I was feeling tired and lazy. So we sat down to eat some candy, at this time its now 6:10, when all the sudden soemthing amazing came over me. I looked over at one of my friends and just began to laugh, but it wasnt like a stoned laugh where something stupid is funny, it was just because I got so extremely happy for no obvious reason. This was deffinatley more then I expected so I jumped up off the curb we were sitting on and exclamied how happy I was and all the euphoria and energy that was surging through my body. About 15 minutes later all 5 of us were rolling face. Well the first part of the roll was very exciting and I wanted to talk to as many peoiple I could find, going up to strangers asking them how they are doing, and how I love there house designs. I just felt so at one with every living thing. They were all my best friends. And you couldnt imagine how greatfull I was for the friends I was with and had. We walked all around shareing personal things or feeling we had. Stuff that we kept secret to the world, I can remember telling them how I loved them and I wanted to stay friends with them forever. The feeling I got from this drug was so unique and amazing, I was just so happy to be alive and experiencing this. Now its about 2 hours later and I'm still rolling very hard, its about this time when we run into some other friends of ours, they offer us some weed so we go smoke with them, BAD IDEA! The stoned asses and our rolling dumbasses decided to smoke in the middle of an open park. I didnt even realize how stupid this was because of how happy I was just to be there. Well a little bit after we light up the bowl a few times, as I'm exhaling a bright light shines at the side of my face. My heart jumps and I dont know what was runnign through my mind, but at that moment I just walked away from the crowd, there was a few of my friends off to the side a little and I waved them over.

Out of 9 of us , 3 of us had walked right away. A cop stopped us in the distance but let us go. We had ecscaped.
We were so nervous of what was about to happen to the rest of our friends, but about 15 minutes later we see one of them running down the street. Hes trying to catch up with us to let us know everything was alright, about 7 other cops showed up but let them all go for some very strange reason.

Well that was a little bit of a weake up call, most of my friends wanted to just go home after that, but I was rolling to hard to go home. So me and one other friend stayed out and roamed around, when we ran into these 2 girls we knew.

For some reason I was soo happy to see these people we barely knew, I was over social with them and I think they thought I was crazy. But we ended up spending alot of time with them. We got to know each other alot amd talked about our views of life and what was going on in the world. It was such an in debth conversation, all these feeling arouse out of nowhere, like me ego was stripped completely away from me, which was in a way, a very good thing. It allowed me to be honest, sympathetic, caring, and loving to everybody I met, and thats how I wanted to be able to feel without the drug. Finally the time came where I had to go home, my friends pill was wearin off and mine was somewhat also, but I was rolling harder than him, considering it was my first time and not his. So now its almost 11 and I get home. I go to my room and put on some music and sit and think about what I learned about myself and other people from the wonderful expeirience I had just lived through. Its over a year later now, and I have had zillions of other kinds of expeiriences with tons of different substances, but that night is still one of or maybe the most memorable and meaning night I have ever had. I recommend pure ecstasy for anyone trying to find there inner feelings on life and the people aroudn them.

I have done E about a total of 17 times now, and the mental effect is nowhere whatsoever near the height it was at that first time, which is why I'm deciding to not do it again considering I think it might damage my brain. But whatever the damage, One try was worth it for me.