The night started on a wafting boom. My cousin had previously bought the shrooms and we were both excited about taking them, since this was the first time for both of us. My cousin hadn't even tried marijuana before, let alone a psychedelic drug. I admire her courage. Though she said it wasn't courage, just curiosity and shrooms are easier to take in public.

Anyway, I left the dosage up to her and I had approximately 2-4 grams, she had the rest, which was about 2.5-4.5 grams. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, so as to disguise the taste and drank orange juice with the rancid tasting things.

We popped in the Powerpuff girls movie and I don't know how long before time had passed before I started to feel weird. A different state of mind came over me. We were sitting in her basement, it was dark outside and her dog kept howling outside the glass door. Pretty soon, I became completely confused on what was happening during the movie and it became almost intolerable to watch. I noticed I was clenching my jaw alot, but this just might have been because I couldn't wait for the movie to get over. I felt like I was going to jump out of my chair. Then the movie was over and we went outside-to her barn. It was so peaceful out there. I just sat in the snow and listened to her horse eat. I went into my own world.

The world seemed to be 2-D, like I could just step out of it and into the 3-D world, but I had to find the 3-D world first. Then a paranoid feeling came over me that I was solidifying. Everything seemed to solidify. I needed to keep up with the solidification because 'they' were going to catch me in my unusual, 3-D, unsolidified world. I talked myself out of this nonsense, or else it might have ruined the trip. I remember glancing in the mirror and my pupils looked square. I looked closer and they were still square. I would have looked at my cousins eyes to see if they were square, but she seemed to be in a very angry mood and I didn't want to deal with that. I'm sure my pupils weren't actually square, I really don't think they even dialated (I'm prone to dialation).

We went outside again and smoked a joint. After that, I became completely at peace and felt like I should do some stretching. I laid out on my bed and stretch some yoga moves and it felt incredible. I must have fallen asleep watching television, as did my cousin. The next day was painful to wake up to. My body felt dead, but my mind was more clear than I could remember. I had been a heavy pot-smoker for two or three years before and craved it daily. After my mushroom experience, I did not seem to need marijuana. It was just something people did in their bored free time. I had also tried other drugs, like acid and dex, and now feel disgusted of ever doing them. I most likely will never take shrooms, or any other hard drugs, again. I might smoke weed now and then, but it feels good to know that I don't need it to live life.