Well my history is I'm 17, I've been smoking pot for a while, not that long, around a year. I've also tried Amanita Muscaria mushrooms (too some light effect) and various other semi-legal drugs like salvia and morning glory seeds.

So I bought 100g of Trichocerus Peuruvianus cactus, all dried and in little buttons. I ingested the cactus between 5-6pm. I had mixed up about 40g with lemon juice but it turned into a viscous green snot and I couldn't stop gagging when trying to swallow it so instead I ground down about 20g of dry stuff and ate teaspoons of it, washing it off my tongue. After a while this made me feel sick too so I quit. I had wanted a dose of around 400mg (Aldous Huxley style) but I think I got about 300mg out of only around 20g of cactus.

For the first hour I felt a few odd sensations, a slight disassociation. Then into and past 7-8pm I started to feel a slow, calm "coming up" sensation. I felt a greater sense of appreciation and empathy as well as noticing strange visual distortions, nothing I would call a "hallucination" more of a bending and opening up of reality. I was watching pop videos on TV and gained a strange feeling of tolerance toward them, I could empathise completely with everything, it was a very clear, tolerant and increasingly enlightened state of mind. All I wanted to do was phone my friends and tell them how great they were and all this was. My feelings continued to rise, it's a bit like getting stoned but it doesn't introvert me like a stone it really extroverted me which I found highly enlightening. I was calm, happy and collected.

I chatted to my little sister for some time, I constantly had things on my mind to improve, to be happier. I felt a definite inner peace and a sense of empathy. All thoughts seemed to have no opinion to them. I felt I had suffered an ego-death. It was wonderful, all arguments seemed infinite and they all seemed to turn back in on themselves. I realised that everything is chaotic and infinite. This really felt enlightened.

I've heard the drug compared elsewhere to a mixture of Ecstasy and Acid. I really felt the empathy I've heard people describe of ecstasy. This was a very clear, positive and alert experience. I went for a walk, at one point I just sat at the edge of a field and looked out, I felt neither cold, nor warm, I felt patient and happy. It felt like the state of Nirvana that is the sort of goal of Zen Buddhism. Very contemplative without an egocentric viewpoint to cloud ones judgement. Simply a beautiful clear experience.

I smoked a little pot after about an hour of ingestion as I felt a little sick. It did appear to curb the nausea. I also smoked later at around 10pm and felt no real change in my state. I was far too awake to let the pot stone me out.

I felt very sociable and I so I phoned many of my friends describing things to them, I also went for a walk out to the edge of a field and I found it very relaxing just to sit and watch lights dance across it. I really felt comfortable outside just appreciating the world.

I cannot understand how anybody could make a drug so beautiful, calm, peaceful and tolerant as this illegal. It seems farcical. Fortunately here in the United Kingdom it is a Class A drug but the cactus is easy to find and quasi legal.

All I can say is, this is the best drug I've ever tried and when I have the strength I will try it again in a few weeks. Will have to get some gel caps for next time, the taste is pretty rancid. Something truly powerful.