##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

I had never done mushrooms before and I bought them from someone that I knew pretty well.  My boyfriend and I had been dealing drugs for almost a year- everything from coke to acid to crystal.  I was a little uneasy about taking the shrooms, but I was assured that it would be just like an LSD trip.  I thought, ok, I can do this.  So I took these shrooms and went to a rave in the boondocks of a little missouri town.

I was beginning to feel it, and I was having a good time, then, all of a sudden, I got really light headed and fell to the ground.  I closed my eyes, hoping that it might help me feel better, but when I opened them back up and stood up, I found myself facing something that it completely unexplainable.  Before me I saw women and men, dressed as though they were in a ballroom, wearing tuxeodos and ballgowns.  There was an orchestra playing beautiful music.  I stood there in horror, because first, I didnt know where any of my friends were, I was staring into the faces of strangers.  Everywhere I looked, there were unfamiliar faces, scary faces, sad faces.  Everything began to get really fuzzy, and I passed out.  I woke up to loud screaming drum and bass music, with my head and shirt soaked in sweat, and I began to have mild seizures.  I shook so violently that my friends assumed that they should take me to the hospital, but considering the conditions that I was in, they decided against a hospital visit.  I shook violently for about 3.5 hours, and then I passed out again.

I awoke in a moving car, and I had to stop the driver so I could get out and puke.  I was scared, nervous, full of anxiety and fear.  I had no idea where I was, what had happened to me, and why I saw all those people in a ballroom.  I later found out that I started screaming for everything to go away, for the trip to stop.  I found out that I had vomited 4-5 times, and that my friends (god bless their souls) had taken care of me the entire night.  I have never been in a situation that has scared and scarred me as much as that one time of taking shrooms. I have not done them since, although I have had many opportunities.  Waking up in a ballroom when I thought I was at a rave, its a scary thing.  I didn't know where I was, who I am, and what has happened to me.