Hi,
I had tried Ketamine before when I was 22. A friend and I took 1/4 of a Gram orally. I liked the experience, although it was mild, but it was difficult to get hold of back then and after a while I forgot about it.

I was at work and today was my 30th birthday. My friend Shaun had brought in a gram of Donkey Dust for us to go down the pub with to celebrate. We ended up at this Irish bar in North London. I bought 2 pints while Shaun went to the toilet and sniffed his line. He came back and said there wasn't much left and I should do the rest. It looked like a lot but he had already told me that K grams look big. I sniffed it and went and sat back down.

The pub went a golden colour like the place was full of larger and I began to sink into the chair and then bang...I slipped into my first K-hole.

I was in what appeared to be an endless tunnel...the pub was completely gone. I had no concept of gravity or which way was up or down. The walls of the tunnel were moving and seemed to be alive. I looked closer and I could see what I thought at first were millions of worms moving and sliding over each other as they moved along the walls. In each worm there were small sparks of intermittent light. I realised that these were not worms but the threads of everyone's lives and they wove in and out of each other as they progressed down the tunnel.

Of all these millions of strands 2 stood out. It was my life and my then girlfriends. I could see our threads touched and that our families and friends strands touched or were close to us. But something was wrong. I could see by the way the threads were moving that I was looking into the future and that very soon my girlfriend and I were going to separate.

I came back to the pub with a bump. I asked Shaun later what I had been doing in that time and he said I had been looking at the ceiling without a blink.

The next week my girlfriend, who I had been with for 5 years, and I split up. She lived with me still for about 1 month and then when she moved out I never saw here again even though she is a close friend of one of my sisters.

I came back from that first K-hole convinced that our futures are fixed and still feel the same way now, 3 years later.
(I have had 2 years of experiences on K, good and bad. I've been arrested, to the hospital, in fights, had fits, felt paralysed and cuddled lamposts because of Donkey dust. 

Cheers,
Valknot