Well. I took acid on sat and I went insane. Then I took it again on thurs and went even more insane.

The day started off in Brooklyn, we were having fun, alot of people I knew. Abuot 15 in all. At least half of them were tripping, probably more. We walked around and smoked and the street started getting really cartoony.  Then the other group of people went off to smoked their blunt and we went to smoke ours. Even though were all friends they just wandered off. 

We smoked, and came back to my friends house. I was tripping nicely. We put on floyd. This would be one of my most insane experiances ever. After a while I was really getting into the floyd and they re-went out to smoke again. I opted to stay and listen to floyd in the warmth...... by myself. Big mistake/but crazy journey. After a while i was completely swallowed by the floyd and I was bugging, I never felt so aware or able to control reality. The walls were moving, the music was part of me and went exactly with it. 

Finally the CD ended. I was completely lost. I wasn't able to comprehend how the music could have stopped. I took out the cd and sat there feeling like a part of me had just been lost bugging out. I started to pace the room and talk to myself for 15 mins. Then I was I need the floyd and tried to get it to work again. I put the cd in and couldn't find the play buttong so i just started pushing all the buttons on the stereo. I couldn't get the damn thing to play. I was tripping balls. I started asking the cd to play itself, trying to cajole it into playing for me. Then I was like ok, Im tripping balls, But there are a limited amount of buttons, i can do this. After another 5 minutes of intense analysis and and examination, and attempting to comprehend my loss, I found the button and was like ahhhhh im back. Then everyone came back, but I wasn't sure if they existed or not. And i wasn't trusting myself to interact with them, I felt like I had been through this insane trip and couldn't possibly even relate to them. 

After a while of listening to them talk, (while I was still tripping) VOOSH, my whole environment changed, and they turned into weird things that were still breathing and talking but some where not human. Greg turned into a chameleon, Hunts was a Big stone human, these girls were sea creatures with flowing green hair, at that point people were trying to interact with me, and every now and then I wouild respond or give them the thumbs up to allay their fears. Then the other group came back and I was still tripping. The feeling I had been feeling before was soo intense I refused to let it go. Then Stew brought me back after a couple rounds of foosball, which he single handedly was owning me and Alex combined. L also helped to bring me back with his girlfriend by just talking to me and stuff. We went back to the room and I was stilll tripping. 

My hand all of a sudden got crazy i dont even know how to describe it except it started opening in a weird weird way. Like one finger would move in a tiny jerk which would be followed by another one and so on. But it took a while for it to open completely, I was still feeling crazy, people were looking at my hand going holy shit, he's gone insane. I dont remember most of the rest of the night, But eventually me and a couple of friends went on the train home. The train was soo trippy, whenever it would start slowing down it would make crazy tripped out noises like voosh coom wowr. I cant really type it, its like those crazy noises that synthesisers make when slowing down and speeding up. I got home at like 11:30 cz we took the cid mid day or early afternoon. I fell asleep at 6 in the morning. I was still feeling it a little throught the whole night.