Last night a group of some friends and me finally got our hands some omni-tasteful mushrooms. The event was quite anticipated. We had all been under the influence of shrooms but we made the mistake of not having anyone sober around. The second time I did it, I had what most would call a large dose, I had a quarter which is about 8-10 grams, that night wasn't the best of trips but it wasn't a bad one like it should have been, but this time, these shrooms must have been special because I have never tripped like this before and neither had any of my friends.

Now there was a total of 6 males. We were all at my friends house in a urban area in our hometown. The night began with the splitting of the quantities and then the eating. We all ate at once and after I stuffed mine in my mouth I decided to drive to the mall and get these hats I had ordered off the internet about 5 days ago. So I went and of course no one wanted to go with me. I still went though, shroom dip and all. 

So roughly about a ½ hour later I was back at my friend (Kyle's) house. Shortly after I arrived, I began to feel the effects. The body buzz kicked in lightly and then we all began to burst into laughter, of course for no reason at all. Then after a while everyone became restless and wanted to move about the area. As for me though, well I was well into deep thought and visualization. I had rested both of my hands on my left knee and the rested my chin on top while I was sitting on Kyle's bed, and I felt like I was in a control tower looking down at my foot. The more I stared, the farther away I was from the floor and my foot. At one point I felt like I wasn't even in my body anymore and that I was just observing myself. But the extreme laughter from my friends brought me back to the world and temporally back to "reality".

The carpet in his room was a sight to see. The design that I always see whenever I am tripping, it's always the same, no matter what the characteristics of the carpet actually are, the design I see is still the same. The best was yet to come when we all decided to go outside we were going to go to what we call the "grassy knoll". As usual though this never becomes complete. So I decided to break away from the pack and go on my own. As I was walking back to his house I saw snow beginning to fall. The snow was enlightened by the light from the porch light. Also the porch light was lighting up a small area of grass which has been dead giving it a golden yellow color mixed with patches of illuminated green grass. The scene was absolutely amazing, and I will never forget it. I could see the snow, the grass and then I could see grass grow up through the grass, showing accomplishment. After that I found my friends again, they all went inside but I stayed still staring in awe at the beauty. I don't know how long I sat there; but, it seemed forever. This began to conjure up thoughts in my mind about life which always happens when I trip. 

I eventually went inside and bad things started to happen. One of my friends blacked out and hit his head on the corner of a table, bringing blood into the scene,  which was not good at all when everyone is tripping. I automatically came back to reality; but, it was hard to examine a wound. I couldn't tell if he was bleeding as bad as it looked or not. Eventually though Kyle's parents came home and we told them and they helped him. As for everyone else they were lost. The only ones that were still sane were me and Kyle. Calvin had just thrown up and then was laying on the floor saying some of the weirdest shit I have ever heard with Drew was just cynically laughing. Zach was so lost he didn't know who he was or where he was.

So after everything was fine with Pittman, me and Kyle decided to go outside and walk. Eventually we began to talk about life and I came up with the quote that I stated as my subject. "Genius is insanity under control." What is meant by this is that everything is just opinions. At one time everything was just an idea. Over time the popular Ideas have been accepted as reality. Those Ideas at one time were considered insane thought. Nowadays; though, if one doesn't believe what others do, one get labeled. But this is wrong. There is no right or wrong, sane or insane. All one knows is what is in the mind, and everything one experiences will influence everything we share with others.  I really can't explain it, but I slightly tried. Everything we learn we teach ourselves.