It was the last day before April Vacation at my school and I was ready to do some celebrating.  At lunch that day I had gone out with a friend of mine and smoked a bowl between the two of us.  I chilled in school for the rest of the day no prob.  It was a friday and I was very excited to leave school.  

After school I went to a friends house, with a group of kids and naturally we decided to smoke.  Me and a couple other kids threw down for a huge bowl.  We made a waterfall bong (draining water out of a 2 liter bottle while lighting bowl on top, then taking bowl off and inhalling after water is drained completely).  Since, I threw down a decent amount I got first rip.  

Now I was a pretty avid smoker.  I didn't smoke too regularly, but taking a bong rip was nothing that I wasn't accustomed too.  Yet, I had never taken a waterfall bong rip before in my life.

We went outside to my friends back yard and we set everything up and lit the bowl.  The water in the bottle sank as a huge amount of smoke replaced it, pouring in seamlessly from the bowl.  By the time the water was finished draining the smoke within the two liter was GREEN.  Almost a pure coat of green.  My friends, who were in amazement, cautiosly handed the bottle to me.  And I uncovered the top and took a rip.

I only took one rip, one very large rip, and moments after exhaling I was overcome with a painful cough.  Like none I have ever had before.  My friends looked at me in amazement, then before thinking twice hit the bong.  I coughed for a while and I managed not to boot.

I felt pretty normal suprisingly, I was still a little high from the bowl I smoked at lunch, but other then that I felt nothing weird.   I passed on any other hits, and I decided to go inside to get a drink of water.  

As I got up and walked around I felt very weird.  It wasn't like being high, but more like being very shitfaced.  With every step I took this sensation got stronger and stronger, until things were spinning pretty well.  I couldn't drink the water, for the simple fact that by the time I filled a glass I wasn't able to.  I sat there just being really high for a while, then my friends came in and started eating.

Time passed and I sat at the table not knowing what was going on.  I knew my mom wanted me home for dinner, and for that reason I was feeling not too good, cause I was way to high to even think of going home.  I tried to communicate this to the others, but I wasn't really able to speak.  Soon they noticed how messed up I was and decided to go into the basement so I could lay on the couch.  

In the basement I was having trouble.  As I lay down, not able to move, the lights flashed infront of me, with trails of light coming off of them.  My eyes started to roll uncontrollably into the back of my head, and I heard my friends freak out when I started going into mini seizures.  I couldn't move, and all I could think in my mind, was that I hoped that my friends would be smart and call a hospital.  This wasn't gonna happen though.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

An hour passed and I was still in really bad shape.  I couldn't act stright even if I wanted to, so I couldn't go anywhere around other people.  Thus, they decided to just take me for a drive in one of my friends car.  I got the energy to get upstairs, then I preceded to vomit in the sink for a while.  Then, I remember going outside and watching my friends play hackey sack for a while.  Then, we got into the car and started to drive.

I could barely hold my head up anymore so I let it fall back against the top of the seat.  As I looked up at the ceiling, I saw waves across the browness of the ceiling.  I was shocked.  Then, I looked outside, and for a second everything seemed normal.  Soon though, I realized that everything was underwater, and trees were tying themselves in knots.

My friends still didn't know what to do with me, but they knew that they had to get me outta public.  But I had no house to go to.  So with their genius they decided to leave me behind the shed of the place where I smoked, so I could chill out, because his parents were home.  So relunctantly, I sat back there, not able to walk or talk I had little way out of it.  One kid stayed out there with me for a little while, but after 1/2 hour or so he saw it hopeless.  I wasn't coming down.  For the next few hours I sat there, drifting in and out of consciousness, and tripping my balls off.  At about 7 or 8 o'clock (I smoked at 3) I finally got the energy to get up and walk home.  

I got home and just passed out in my bed.  When I woke up the next morning, surprise, surprise, I was still high as a kite.  I had a trip to go on to NY with my temple, so I did that, spending the next few days in a haze.  Wow, I tweeked out.