One day out of the blue, I decided I wanted to eat an 1/8th of mushrooms.  My boyfriend at the time, me and two of my other guy friends all ingested them quickly swollowing them down with orange juice.  We heard the mushrooms are much more intense when ingested with Vitamin C.  It was one of my friends first time taking them and he also took 1/8.  We will call him Mike.

My last trip was about 3 months ago, so I was ready to feel good.  However, I did not know what was about to occur.  About 45 min. later I started to feel my trip coming on.  Right at the beginning I knew it was not going to be good.  I was afraid to look at anything and just wanted to close my eyes.  My friends were all wide-eyed and happy while I sat there with eyes closed.  I dont know why I was so terrified and I could not stop it.  We all then went into my boyfriend's room and sat and listended to music.  This is when it started to get really bad.  My mind took over and I could not control anything.  I sat curled up in a ball telling everyone I was going insane.  And I really thought I was.  I started to cry and shake.  My friend Mike who was trying it for the first time and my other friend left and went for a walk but I could not move because i was so terrified.  I constantly felt like I needed to pee but I couldnt.  My stomach hurt incredibly bad and I felt like I was peeing myself but when I went to the bathroom nothing was there.

After 3 hours of going insane, crying and shaking my friends returned to get me and my boyfriend at the time.  My friend Mike was also going insane asking everyone the question..'Am I real...what is real?'  We had to leave him behind because he could not handle the walk we were about to take.  Once I left the room and went outside I felt much better.  We walked around and I felt extremely close to the people I was with.

In short, I believe I ingested something into my body without thinking pleasant thought before doing so.  I would have had a better trip if I would have done this.  Also the people with who I am tripping is a huge deal as well.  After this experience I broke up with my boyfriend.  I had somewhat of an epiphany and knew that if I could not overcome my insanity during that time with his help, I could not be with him because it was doomed.  Maybe that was a bad reason but all is well now.