My friend J and I bought two seperate discs of chocolate containing 4 grams of P.Cubensis mushrooms. We went and finished school for the day then J and I and another friend of ours drove out to an old abandoned Aquaduct. The three of us climbed in and sat down.

For a little background J and I had started using pot about six to eight months prior to this, and both of us had enjoyed it incredibly. J and I had heard of mushrooms only a few times before this and all we had been told was that they were a natural hallucinogen, and nothing like weed. If I had been smarter I would have done some research instead of blindly listening to a group of people I didn't know.

J and I ate our chocolate with some pop to wash it down, even though the chocolate had no shroom taste at all. Pop just tastes good with chocolate, dammit.

We then went back to the car and our sober friend started the half-hour drive back home. J and I sat in the back seat and chilled out.

T+15min 
It started raining and I got a distinctly odd feeling. I turned to look at J and asked if he 'felt anything'. J confirmed that he was feeling strange, almost giddy. I agreed and turned to look out the window.

The rain was trailing horizontally across the window due to the speed of the car and my eyes instantly became glued to this process and I was totally absorbed.

I laughed and turned to look at the windshield wipers. How hypnotic is the steady pace of two wipers moving back and forth, erasing the water that was? Needless to say, I spent the entire journey home watching.

T+40min 
Arriving home just after dusk, we exited the car and walked over to the barn in our yard. No need to go inside the house and face the 'rents. I had begun closing my eyes and saw distinct trails of colour. I would open my eyes and see the faint image of those trails in the dark surroundings. At this point I decided to call a good friend of mine with my cell phone. He had tripped for the first time on shrooms the weekend previous and we discussed the effects.

T+1 hour
At this point time records become indistinguishable. Both because of the time and trips that have passed since my first, as well as the time dilation. I would look at my watch, have hundreds of ideas and thoughts, and then look at my watch and realize that maybe a minute had elapsed.

I was feeling great and enjoying every minute of the experience. Every thought was a revelation. I was a somewhat depressed person who had constant doubts about self-worth and self-image. The weed had instantly erased my depression, even when I wasn't high. Just the realization that it was there and could make me feel that way anytime was enough to erase any negative attitudes

While on shrooms I realized that there are just some things in this life that we can't control. Be it the hallucinations that I was experiencing or the thoughts and actions of others. All that I felt was a pure joy and connection with something.
This interconnectedness feeling was facilitated by the great outdoors that we were in. Man and nature was one, living and breathing in time with one another.

J, my friend and I decided to walk down the highway at this point. We made it to an intersection and just stopped to relax. The pavement seemed to stretch forever and became endless to our eyes.

We then sparked up some weed (Which I didn't feel at all. It was quite anti-climactic after my peak. We have since started saving the weed until we have all come down.) and decided to head back home.

Sober friend drove J home and I went into my room. My pupils were gigantic saucers still, and I was still having slight visuals. I lay on my bed and relaxed into sleep.

Overall, it was an entirely exhilarating experience. I loved every second and had no hesitation to try them again. After that it kind of went downhill because I began abusing the shrooms instead of using them. That was really the main problem.

That's all for now and maybe I'll write about my single bad trip on shrooms.

Later,

Tdog