Me and my friend Dana had been wanting to shroom for the longest time. Neither one of us had ever shroomed before (me never having done anything but smoke pot and drink before.) We saved up our money and bought an eighth together, then splitting it and eating it at her house when she was having her party.

So we got the shrooms from one of my friends and ate them right away. While waiting me and my friend Dana sat and had a cig while waiting for the shrooms to kick in. It didn't take long for me to feel them. It took about 15-20 min and I started to feel weird. And over-whelming sensation came over me so I ran to get Dana and we went to her room (which is all tripped out with a black light and posters and glow in the dark stars..etc..) We just sat there amazed with the melting walls and I kept hearing cell phones ringing. 

After about an hour and a half I was shrooming hard I was seeing dancing clowns and the couches were talking to me. I was told later that I was un-able to communicate with anybody. Whenever I tried to talk it came out as straight jibberish. Along with un-controlable laughing I was having the best time of my life. Everything was glowing and in extremly beautiful florestent colors. 

As everyone saw me and Dana tripping so hard and having a great time, they decided they wanted to shroom as well. So, they called up my friend Zak and asked him for a half. (At the time I had no idea what was in store for me after all these people were going to be shrooming.. I later learned that it is NOT a good idea to shroom with alot of people and at this NOT have EVERYBODY there shrooming.. I should always have a type of 'babysitter' that will help bring me back to reality if needed) 

So anyways, within an hour everybody there was shrooming and at that I started to get scared that I would never feel 'normal' again. I started to loose all paths back to reality. I no longer knew what was real what was fake and at time I would forget how to breath. Sitting downstairs sipping on my glass of water and just staring at everybody soon began to panic me for some reason and I became paranoid. My friend Luke and Brandon began to think they were at war and pretended to have guns and bazookas on their shoulders. I became so scared I decided to venture by myself up to Dana's little brother's room where I sat by myself in his closet. I felt more safe there and had a blanket wrapped around me like a cloak. I was just listening to their war antics and sat and watched my hands as I saw them multiply. I soon had four arms and freaked out. I couldnt stop thinking to myself, 'What am I gonna do with all of these arms?' 

I sat in the closet tripping extremly hard by myself for about an hour when I started to hear everybody go, 'Where's Hayley? OMG where is she?' So I ran out with the blanket and a little toy I had been playing with which was a stick type thing with little tassels on the end and screamed, 'I'm RIGHT HERE GUYS!' everybody looked at me in my blanket and toy and all started to laugh hysterically. My friend Brandon started to cry because he was laughing so hard. After a while of being in the room, I decided I needed to put cold water on my face and re-do my make-up and I'd be better. So I went to the bathroom and saw a snake in the toilet and freaked out then puked. But it wasn't really puke, it was more like flem really. After that I had convinced myself that I had pee'd my pants and kept feeling drenched and everybody looked soaked. 

Later on my friend Derek came downstairs and convinced all of us that he had lost his legs. We all freaked out and went on a mission to find his legs. After 5 minutes we forgot what we were doing and went to sit down and enjoy a cig.  

After what seemed to be days I started to come down slowly. And then went home totally oblivious to all that had happened that one crazy night of shrooming.