Wow. Saturday night I had an old friend over from out of town ('R'). She had some X, I bought some shrooms and about $30 worth of weed. I usually eat 2 little shroom chocolates, but I shared with my roommate 'D' so I only had 1 that night, 'D' had one, and 'R' had 2 pills of x . I was worried I wasn't going to trip that hard.

No worries. What a beautiful night. We started out at about 11pm, smoking and just watching TV. Eventually, I went into my bathroom alone with a candle and just started meditating. I watched the candle explode into a flower with infinite rainbow petals. I closed my eyes and watched the flower become impossibly intricate. I started thinking about how words and numbers and even colors in the real world really fail to explain all the things we want to explain. I started thinking about how everything is just an excuse, an inadequate explanation for what we really want to do/feel/see. I felt reality fall out from underneath me...just crumble in a spiral under me. I followed the sprial down and around and suddenly...there it was.

It was like I came face to face with god. Or at least...god as I know it now. In my brain, there was no god. We are all god. And our collective conscience makes up the world we live in, the human being, the afterlife. I had experienced death and lived, only to not be able to put it into words.

It was too much. I screamed and moaned and cried and laughed for a good 5 minutes...it was like joy and life were just exploding out of me. My fellow trip-mates were worried at first, but after seeing the look on my face and hearing about my experience...lol, they knew there was nothing to worry about.

'R' had a similar experience once before and her and I spend a good hour talking about what 'it' was all about. I spent the rest of the night talking and dancing to any music I could find. 'D' was talking to the mirror for a good while and eventually asked me if I had a copy of alice in wonderland, he wanted to read about the jabberwocky! We were all really comfy and happy and took lots of pictures and went out in the snow once or twice.

About 4am, another friend came over and we smoked out. Around 5am, I took a shower (which felt amazing). We finally fell asleep around 7.  I felt great the next day...a bit tired and RAVENOUS (I ate almost 3 plates at Ponderosda).  Even up to a week later, I was still caught up in the afterglow of my experience.

I love mushrooms. :)