One summer night when I was bored at home, just getting ready to go to bed, my friend showed up and asked me if I wanted to try some mushrooms.  I'd never had them before, so I said sure.  We drove to a pizza shop on main street and each ordered a slice.  We sat at one of the tables outside and each of us sprinkled half of an eighth on the pizza.  After finishing the pizza, we decided we should go somewhere safe to start tripping.  We settled on a friend's house; we go there a lot to smoke pot, so we knew he'd be cool with it and we wouldn't have to worry about parents or anything like that.  We were just sitting in his living room, chilling and waiting for the shrooms to kick in.  There were some other people there, too, but it's hard to remember exactly how many.

After about 15 or 20 minutes, I began to laugh uncontrollably.  Another 10 or 15 minutes passed and I began to get a really heavy body buzz.  I told my friend that I was tripping already; he said he wasn't feeling anything yet so he said we should eat some more.  We went into the kitchen and he divided an eight in half between us.  I ate the mushrooms raw and I thought they tasted amazing.  I think this was only because I was tripping, because I've since tried eating them alone and almost gagged.  Things get a little hazy after this.  I can remember many of the events that occurred that night, but not in any particular chronological order.

After my friend started to trip we decide to go for a walk.  We proceeded to walk up and down main st. a few times.  I couldn't stop staring at the traffic lights, they seemed amazing to me at the time.  I kept telling my friend that I wanted to run, but he convinced me that it would be a bad idea.  After the walk we returned to our mutual friend's house.  My friend whose house it was said he was going to put on a show for us.  He turned all the lights off, flipped on a strobe and started waving glow-in-the-dark toys in front of our faces.  It was entrancing.  Everything that was happening around me seemed fascinating, especially the small fan that was sitting on the floor.  It looked amazing under the strobe and I kept touching it even though it hurt my fingers.  (the cover had come off the front somehow)  At one point I thought about licking it, but it seems that I still had some self-restraint because I didn't.  Whenever I sat down, I felt as if I was melting into the chair/couch/floor.  Whenever I felt this way I would say 'I'm evolving into the _____.'  This soon became a theme for me and my tripping friend.  We kept repeating it throughout the night.

I remember for some reason, I constantly had to go pee.  One of the times when I came out of the bathroom, which was upstairs, I decided it would be a good idea to lay down and slide down the stairs backwards.  I did so, and got some nasty rugburn on my shoulders as a result, but when I was tripping, even the pain was exhilarating because it felt different somehow.  After bumming a few cigarettes off somebody who was at the house (I was craving them constantly while tripping) we decided to go for another walk.

We had gotten a pair of those red and blue 3-D glasses from somewhere and were taking turns wearing them.  Once we got to main street, we decided to sit on a bench and watch traffic go by.  My friend saw some guy who looked like somebody he knew, so he called out his name.  He was a very tall, skinny, hippy-looking guy and wasn't wearing any shoes.  He looked at my friend with a puzzled look and continued walking.  About ten minutes later, he walked by us again, in the opposite direction.  My friend asked him if people ever called him by the name he had yelled.  The hippy said no, then looked at me and asked 'Are those 3-D glasses?'  I let him wear the glasses for a few minutes and he sat down next to us on the bench.  After some brief conversation we told him we were on mushrooms and he revealed to us that he had just smoked a bunch of hash with his friends.  He left soon after that.  For some reason I thought this guy was very cool, especially the bare feet.

After returning to our friend's house we decided we should go home.  I refused to go to my house, though, afraid that my parents would be awake and sense something amiss, so he let me come over to his house.  When we got there, we each got a carton of orange juice from his fridge and sat by his pool, drinking it and looking at the stars.  We sat there for most of the come-down, contemplating the meaning of our existence.  It's hard to remember, but I think we came to the conclusion that 'we are nothing' and that God is responsible for everything.  The worst part of this experience was trying to sleep.  It was horrible.  I layed there for hours, tossing and turning, trying to sleep, but my mind would not slow down and decrease the rate at which thoughts came.

After tripping several other times, I'd still have to say that my first trip was most definitely the best.  I attribute this mostly to the worry-free atmosphere we were in while tripping.  Part of it may have just been that it was my first time and I had no idea what to expect; the surprise and delight of it all contributed to a wonderful trip.