##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

It started out a good day:  'Son, no school today, snow outside.' is what my father told me.  I run/walk to my friend, Kad's, house.  I related to him I was almost out of smoke and he told me it was time to eat!  

He whipped out a bin of mush, and we divided them into three portions.  We knew we would smoke, so we packed a bowl and he left some stuff out for later.  I ate mine first because I had to be home early and after an hour and holding my vomit twice my vision began to burl and swirl.  I told Kad to eat but he was cleaning his room.  The walls had changed into dark colorful wood and was flowing down.  This was the major portion of my visuals.  I proceeded to put a jacket on my head so I would trip harder, this only made me unsure.  For the next hour I was in a mild panic filled with questions.  I couldn't for the life of me understand why I would take such a drug, and why people don't save me.  Finaly another friend stopped by, and almost immeaditly left.

By this time my friend was tripping and we decided to look for our bowl, but we had tipped it over and couldn't find it in the dark.  We were thinking we lost our bowl to the Sea of Doom when people walked into the house.  People we didn't want, we talked to them, when Kad said 'Get out, I'm going crazy.  Not now just later.'

After that we laid down on the floor.  I was experiencing the multi-verse.  I had discovered a way to trip infinatly, it involded octagonal prizomiods and teleporting, if I remember right.  For a good period of time, Kad and I would tell each other what we thought.  For a while we thought we were using Telepathy to communicate.  We wrote some ideas we had down, and then I had to go home.

I felt really good untill I went to sleep at 9pm.  A good day taking mush at 10am and felling good untill 9pm.

Definaly mentaly stimualting.  I was told that 5 dried grams would crush your ego, maybe that's what I was experienceing with my panic, but I found it definitely worth doing.