It was spring break of my freshman year of highschool. I had never done any drugs, but I had wanted to try psychedelics since we learned about them in health class in 3rd grade.  I wanted to feel what it was like to not be in control of your brain, because a substance had taken over. 

I knew I had to do something this spring break besides lay around the whole week, and my previous plans had fallen through.  So when a friend of mine said he could get shrooms for me, I accepted. I only asked for half of an eighth, because I didn't want too strong of a trip for my first time. When my friend asked to join me a couple days later, I figured we'd just have a light, light trip together, since the guy who was getting them could not get any more on short notice.

The day I received the shrooms was Monday, the day that we (L, the friend who would also be tripping, and I) had planned to a town in PA, with her mom. The town is something like a shore-town on the mainland. The only chain store in the whole place is a Starbucks, and even that is on the outskirts.  There's a good number of various galleries, and quite a few new age stores.

We took the shrooms around 2:30, dividing up the small amount we had. We ate them straight, with nothing for the taste, because all the food in New Hope is horrendously overpriced. After we ate the shrooms, we continued walking around and checking out the shops. In about five minutes I was feeling a little dizzy, but I remember thinking 'Well, it's starting now' about fifteen minutes after we took them. I was in a bookshop, and feeling unable to deal with other people or coherent thoughts. L told me to wait in the chair while she looked for something. Sitting there, I looked up at the rows and rows of books. The feeling I had was not so much as that the books were spinning, but that my eyes would not stay still, they were always looking around and around at the titles. Every now and then one spine of a book would jump out at me, and the title would be emblazoned in my eyesight for a minute or so.

When L came back to get me from the chair, I saw she had picked up 'On the Road' by Jack Kerouac. As soon as we went to pay for the book, my feeling of needing control began. L is very oblivious to things around her sometimes, and it was obvious she was already tripping, and she wasn't trying to interact normally with the people around her. I struggled to speak normally to the cashier and pushed the money she gave me towards him. Later we realized we gave them $40 for a $14 book, and they had pocketed the extra twenty.

Throughout the next hour or so, we entered many shops. I struggled to maintain control, and to try to keep L under control so a Good Samaritan wouldn't call someone for help.  I remember feeling very motherly, trying to keep my child in order. I was clutching the things we had bought and my sweatshirt to my chest, resettling them every two minutes, to make sure I did not lose them. We managed several conversations with different shopkeepers.

I started to become very worried when we ran into her mom. We told her about the missing $20 and managed some small talk. Then L says to her mom 'You look orange!' and falls on the ground, laughing. K (her mom) frowns and says something I couldn't understand. 
From then on, my trip was a struggle to keep control, speak normally, and to get everything under control for dinner with L's parents.

I felt like I was enclosed into a separate, isolated section of my mind, and watching from my eyes (though they felt like someone else's) what was going on. I saw snatched of M.C. Escher-esque patterns in the canal and on buildings. While I was walked around town on someone else's legs, what I heard sounded hollow to my ears. I also kept having flashbacks to one of my summer trips to the coast of Massachusetts, where we would take day trips to a town similar to the one we were in now. I saw beaches from this other town when we went past the river, and I saw many similarities between the two locations.

Later I described the feeling I was having to L: 'the shrooms had gone through my memories, picked a few, integrated them into what was happening around me, highlighted tiny details like a book cover or a doorknob, and then played it in a movie for me really fast. I felt detached, and dizzy, and I many patterns in things.'

I only relaxed control for a bit when a sympathetic, and experienced drug user, 20-year-old, D, let us ride the trip out on the couches in his store. I still talk to D to this day.

As I stared at the patterns on the rug, and was entranced by the elephant-nose-shaped handles on a card catalog cabinet, my thoughts clicked into gear. I began to think that this feeling of amazement at every day things was something worth having full time. I vowed to try to remain in a semi-trip even with nothing in my system. I decided that these enhanced versions of emotions were better than the weak things we feel normally. I started to look at myself, to figure out what I could change so the feeling I was having now would be a constant. Then I felt an inexplicable sense of self. I couldn't define what I felt in words, but I felt as though I had met myself for the first time. When I first meet a person, I appraise them, look into their eyes, and I receive a general feeling about them from what I see. I'm not always correct, but first impressions mean alot to me, and I always end up thinking that they are hiding under something if their actions contradict my appraisal.

To return to the point, I feel like I appraised myself. Afterwards, the best word I could come up with for what I felt about myself was was 'whimsical.

Meanwhile, L was flipping out, laughing and crying at the same time, moaning that she couldn't breathe. A tall man came in and commented that it was amazing that we were having a huge trip for a tiny dose.
~Sage~