So I decided to finaly try LSD with a good mate of mine. Being excited for about 2 weeks I thought there would be no problems what so ever because I had done lots of research and knew what could happen to me.

Nothing could have prepared me for my experience.

We both took 1 hit at about 3pm in the afternoon and then settled down for a quite afternoon/evening.

We were pretty much waiting for it to hit us while watching tv, an hour passed and nothing.....and hour and a half passed, a slight head-ache but nothing....2 hours passed which made it about 5oclock with no effects what so ever. We then began to think that nothing would happen so I remembered about some weed we had stored away for a rainy afternoon, we got it and started to roll out some joints.

At about 7pm, 4 hours after taking the LSD we smoked the weed and it might have not been the best option considering this was the first time I had taken LSD.

Within 10 minutes we both just clicked into peak mode. It was like I was normal and then 1 second later I was tripping hard.
I started to feel very scared and paraniod about what was going on, I didnt know what was happening to my mind. My friend still knew that we were only tripping but I didnt.

By this stage I couldnt remember taking LSD and my mind was starting to play all sorts of tricks on me, I couldnt get a grip on what was real and what was fake. I started to doubt everything..even my best mate. I couldnt accept that it was all real, my mind was spinning and everything was moving in a fowards directions and everything looked digital, it all looked very smooth and fake. My perception of my best friend was a little man standing up inside my mind, he wasnt real and he was trying to trick me into things by telling me that we were only tripping on LSD, I couldnt believe him. I thought he was in my imagination and he wasnt real by of course he was. I was trying to fight against my mind so hard it was making me crazy. Everything felt as if it was a big mind game in my head, it felt as if I was not inside my body but I was a spirit flying around fighting inside my head and everything around me wasnt real, it wasnt there.

I had no sense of feel left in my hands of legs, I trying holding a glass but it felt as if there was no weight in it, it was floating in mid air. This was all VERY scary and I was becoming a wreck...

The first hour was the scariest hour of my lifetime...I though I was going to stay crazy for ever and it really was scary. After about an hour and peaking and being scared out of my mind, seeing everything from a different view I started to understand what was going on. It sort of clicked in my head after being told about 100 times that we wer eon LSD. I finaly got a grip on reality. I knew we were only tripping.

Things started to change...I went on the couch and lied down to relax and listen to some music...amazing. The music felt as if it were playing inside me, it was so relaxing and enjoying.

I remember looking at the walls and seeing them moving into weird shapes and colours, everything would not stop moving. It was fantastic after I had finaly got a grid on reality!!

I'm still not really sure when or if I will do LSD again, I would like to experience it again because it really did open up my mind to a different and scary world...

To sum it up, I had never been so scared of anything before in my life and it was truly terrifying not being able to control my thoughts and not being able to stop myself fighting my mind, but I am glad I went through some of it. I didnt really understand how powerfull a mind really is and I really do have alot more respect for LSD now, I'm not sure why it didnt take any effects after some hours and I'm sure the weed did something to set the LSD off because it was instant....

I learnt that this drug needs respect, and if its to be taken it MUST be with nothing but respect for it....