I was young at the time, and my parents had gone away for the weekend, so two friends and myself each took one dose (blotter paper) of acid.  We took the stuff in a forest near my house.  It was midsummer, and where I live, it doesn't get fully dark till about eleven.  We sat around for an hour or so, until dusk had set in, but nothing was happening to me and not much to them, so we decided to head back to my house.  Another friend who hadn't taken anything came back too.

Soon after we got back, everything changed.  Mainly, I began to feel nauseous, and I was hungry too, but there wasn't a hope in hell that I could even comtemplate eating anything.  I went to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet and was horrified to see that my manhood had shrunk to about one inch!!!  After that shock, I was very anxious to rid myself of the general feeling of malaise.  Someone had told us that orange juice is an antidote to acid, so I forced myself to drink a small glass of it... it had no effect.  (I've since read that it's also meant to enhance the trip, so I don't know what's true).

Paranoia about being discovered on drugs soon began to set in, so I bundled my tripping friends out of my house and asked my sober friend to stay the night in case I went mental (I thought I would never come back down).  He agreed, but said that he'd need to write a note for his parents, so we walked back to his house so he could leave a note.  At this stage, it was about about 2 am.  I waited outside his house while he wrote the note and it was then that the strangest thing happened me.  I had gotten a few visual effects, such as objects (cars, for example) 'shunting' quickly one way and then straight back, but nothing too impressive.  But I was leaning on a low wall when I heard a man and a woman behind me.  They were talking about me...  The gist of their conversation was how 'awful' it was that I was on drugs and what would his parents think, and so on.  But it didn't just fade away - the conversation continued for minutes!  I know this, because my friend took about five minutes to come back out.  I could hear every word said and two distinct voices saying them.  I was utterly convinced that there were two people behind me engaged in conversation about my trip!  Eventually, I plucked up the courage to look behind me and face them, and when I did, the only thing there were the leaves of a palm tree (or something like it) rustling in the breeze.

After that episode, which I simply couldn't believe, we headed back to my house.  I tried to sleep, but it was after 7 am before I managed to get a couple of hours.  I awoke and looked in the mirror - one of my pupils was dilated, the other wasn't...  That wasn't what I needed to see either...  But it returned to normal an hour or two later.

It's well-known but very true, one's internal state of mind is very important.  Inner fears may be manifested as external stimuli.

I haven't tried acid since.