This is by-far not my first experience on marijuana, but it is one of my fondest ones.

I was just getting ready to go to CCD (a catholic sunday school, except during the week) at about 4:30 right after school on a Wednesday.

I grabbed my bowl that I had packed the night before (I always pack it in advance when I want to smoke the next day really quickly and not have to go through the process of de-seeding the weed and packing it) and took about 4 fair sized hits.

I grabbed my books and was off to CCD.

When I got there (after a 10 minute ride) I still wasn't feeling anything, which is unusual for me because I usual feel the effects while exhaling my first hit. So, I went into the tiny little classroom and sat next to one of my friends, let's call her 'K.'
K isn't really first-hand experienced with pot (she never ACTUALLY smoked it herself) but her uncle uses it for medical reasons (out in Cali.) and she helps him pack his bowl and trim his pot plants whenever she goes over there. But, since her uncle was always high she immediantly knew I was once it started to hit.

Now, this wasn't the best quality bud, just some mids that I got because my friend didn't have any of the good stuff, and I was out myself. But, just as I sat down it started to hit me. K knew of this by my silly grin that spred across my face.

Usually when I smoke I smoke a little of the GOOD shit and I'm so totally wasted that I don't sit and giggle like I've heard about, so I thought that whole giggling bullshit was just something that only certain people experienced...but now, after more experiences with smoking less of the GOOD stuff and laughing more (instead of smoking more and being in such a HIGH state of euphoria that I can't move or anything) I believe that it depends on the type I smoke and how much of it.

Anyway, about 20 minutes into the class we all had to make a family tree to show our ancestry (I don't see why we did this, because we were all 14 years old and should be learning more about God than our family history, which I kept thinking while I was high) and all I managed to do was draw a line with my name on it. The class was really talkative today and the teacher was sort-of out of it, so we could all talk as we pleased.

I sat there and K said something to me that just seemed sort of funny and I started to giggle, which didn't stop. It just kept going and going and going, and slowly but surely the rest of the poeple sitting around me (besides K) realized I was high, but everyone around me smoked weed themselves, so it was no need for concern about someone narcing on me. At times I would try to muster up all the strength I had to stop laughing but that just ended with me turning red in the face and breaking out into even louder laughter.

K was just sitting there chuckling at how messed up I was at the time, and I was lauging at how funny her laughing sounded. Then I was laughing at how funny people's faces looked, then how weird my paper looked...everything was just so funny looking that I couldn't stand it.

After awhile I came back down right before we left and passed out once I got home.

Looking back it was very amusing and taught me how to laugh a lot while on weed. I may not have had the usual insight that I usually feel after lighting up, but it was just so damn fun.

 I am glad I finally got the experience the giggles after I tried smoking less instead of more - good things come in small packages.