This report is more about the effects after the experience, rather than during.

I had just graduated from high school and there was an all-night 'senior party' planned following the commencement ceremony. This was a school sponsored event, set up entirely by the parents of students and would be watched over by parents including my own. Since we would be locked down inside the school from around 10pm to 5am, I was having a hard time trying to decide what substance I wanted to accompany the event. I've always been the type that would rather smoke weed than drink, and i especially hate beer (remember this for later). I've tried a wide range of psychedelics in low doses, from LSA to dramamine to datura, although none of these felt right to take for the party. So instead of providing my own, I headed to the party planning on purchasing whatever might be available there.

When it came down to what was available, the only two things were ecstasy and mushrooms. My friend wanted $40 for an 1/8 or $15 for one pill, so I settled on the pill. It was a green yin-yang. After about a hour of people telling me what to expect and preparing myself, I swallowed the pill. It hit me about an hour later, with a warm head rush. That was the most intense part of the experience. For the most part, I was just very 'open' for the rest of the night, my inhibitions were gone and I was extremely social. I also noticed that I had noticeably more energy. I didn't experience very much euphoria, a body buzz, or the empathy and attachment to others that I'd heard/read about. It was a nice buzz for the party, because it was like the positive effects of alcohol only longer lasting... but nothing special. The next day I woke up feeling sluggish and slow, and my brain felt tired.

The most impacting part of the experience came the day after. It started with me realizing I didn't want to smoke a cigarette all day. I soon came to realize I was completely turned off from cigarettes, marijuana, even tylenol. For some reason they just didnt hold the same value they did only 24 hours ago. I also noticed that I started feeling like the lifestyle I had been leading was a lazy one. I suspected that something was definetly different but these suspicions were confirmed when I had the sudden urge to consume beer. A lot of beer. I went to a graduation party that night and drained beer like it was water, no problem. A week before this I would have frowned as if I was offended if someone offered me a beer. I was truly puzzled about this change. I later looked up the green Yin-Yangs on DanceSafe, although its not a 100% reliable/accurate source its about the best bet I could have in finding out the contents of the pill without testing it myself. The results were either MDMA/caffiene, MDE, or DXM, and i know for a fact that it hadn't been DXM.

It's now a week later, I cant even think of touching another drug (including marijuana), I've been eating healthy, I've been working out every day, my attitude has changed from passive to a much more agressive and cocky demeanor, and I have drank more beer in the past week than I have my whole high school career. It's a very strange feeling to have your personality changed this drastically. I'm not sure if it was purely psychological or if the ecstasy somehow triggered it, but I feel that it was 110% for the best.