##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

I've tripped a number of times but my most recent trip was my most enjoyable yet. A friend and I had just bought a half ounce of caps and stems. They last time we tried to trip all we could get was chocolates and they were real weak; barely even a trip. 
Anyway, so we decided to drive down to our friend's apartment to pick them up. We got there and picked up 5 1/8's, one more eigth than we expected. We then drove over to our other friends apartment where three of us each ate an eigth. We spent some time in the apartment listening to music but it was really hot so we went down to the water to relax. We played frisbee for a while and just pretty much chilled out. The boomers were hitting us and we were laughing and I had some mild visuals. My mind was still intact though, and after a walk around town my friend and I decided to leave and head back home (about a 45 minute drive). I guess our minds must have still been a little crazed becuase on the begining of the drive home we decided to both eat another eigth and just finish the bag.

This is when the trip got interesting.
We arrived back home and stopped to pick up my friends car. I got out of the car to piss and realized I was having some crazy visuals. Patterns of tree leaves swaying, the road stretching and melting etc. We decided we needed a little bud to chill out so we called up our friend. We drove a few blocks to his house and he threw us a gram out of his window it was pretty funny. 

Anyway taking care of that we finally made it to my friends house which really felt like home base at that point. We each took a few bong rips. 

I don't know if the first eigth had taken a while to hit us or what the deal was but at this point (it was about 2 am) we both began to trip incredibly hard. 

We turned on the TV and Mullholland drive (a Lynch movie) was on. For the lives of us, we could not figure out what was going on in the movie and we thought we were really, really fucked up. But we switched the channel and were able to understand other programs so we realized it was simply that Lynch movies are fucked up and no one gets them. We had a hell of a discussion before we realized that, though. Also, my friend wanted some food, not because he was hungry but because he wanted the taste. We pondered over what to make and then decided to pop some popcorn. We sat back down at the TV becuase I was actually pretty interested in Mulholland drive (although the girls faces kept melting and looking very evil). My friend however, was much more interested in the popcorn

All of a sudden my friend asked me, 'what is this stuff, what is popcorn.' You've probably never really looked at popcorn but it is pretty weird stuff. To think that a little kernel of corn exploded making itself inside out and then had flavoring put on it. Real weird. We laughed for ahwile about this.

We decided we needed a change of scenery and went to a room with couches and a record player. We initially put on The Who's Tommy but realized we didnt want to hear it and put on a Jimi Hendrix album. We layed on the couches and watched the show. It must have been around 4 am and I was having the most intense visuals I've ever seen. Full closed eye patterns and kaleidiscopes. The whole room was rippling. There was crown molding running along the top of the walls and when I stared at it, it actually turned into pipes that looked like they were pumping some strange green liquid all over the house; very strange. This was the only time I even came close to freaking out and it was simply becuase it was 4 am and if I closed my eyes in order to sleep I could still see a spectacular light show. 

We chilled in that room for ahwile and then ended up on my friends upstairs porch at 5:15 (I remember checking the clock) to finish off the last of the bud by ripping some more bongs. I looked up at the sky and the sun was coming out and it was this beautiful light blue color. The clouds were still making patterns! We went downstairs, both toasted half a bagel, which I ate in my bed and went to sleep.

I've been trying to figure out why this trip went so well for me, after all, I did eat a quarter (many people wouldve bugged out). I think it is because I'm famililar enough with the mushroom experience to keep myself from getting caught in thought loops because I can tell myself its just the drugs and I've been here before. Also, this trip was completely unplanned: we did not have an agenda nor did we have anyone pulling us in one direction. I hate having people trying to tell you that someething is cool or to do one particular thing when your tripping. Its a very personal experience, and although you can share it with good people, it still rests mostly on your own head. I believe one should go with the flow. Whatever one feels like they one want to do, do. One shouldn't let anyone try to pressure one into doing anything one doesn't want to do.