This is continuing a series of reports I'm submitting online. I left off last time eating a mushroom chocolate in December 2002. There hadn't been anything around until a lucky break.

Around March of this year, a friend of mine had found some potent shrooms. We planned on eating them this one Friday, with another friend of ours. This was the first time my friend (we'll call him N) had tripped shrooms. He had tripped acid before, though, so I figured it would be cool.

It's worth mentioning that N had used ecstasy a lot in the past, which may play a role in his sensitivity to shrooms.

All of us (myself, N, and another friend we'll call E) ate equivalent piles of half-dried shrooms. My estimation would be that each of us took no more than the equivalent of 3g dry shrooms.

These were potent. We chilled for a short while, and I rolled a nice dutch master of some crazy dank shit. This wasn't normal dank - this was more like 400/oz nugs that were much more potent than anything you can normally get around here.

So, shortly after, we smoked the blunt. After a few hits, immediately E took off into the other room (his bedroom) with his girl. He's like 'holy shit i'm trippin' and I suppose he wasn't ready.

For some reason, having that particular door closed make N feel awkward. I guess it was because we came in through the door that's in his bedroom, on the 'back' of the house. Well, I don't know why he was tweaking shit, because there was a front door on the house, and you could walk around.

We were watching some crazy movie - Big Money Husslers - which I have never seen before. E had said someone told him that was a good movie to watch trippin (sure), so I ended up watching it.

Towards the end of the movie things got really wierd. This plot was falling apart - it didn't make sense. Just a bunch of people getting pointlessly executed. Finally the end of the movie came, and I guess I was feeling a bit better.

Once the movie ended, N was tripping hard, and wasn't ready for the shift in attention. I was tripping pretty well too. N decided to go to the bathroom (connected to E's room), so he went in there. On his way back, he passed out. Fortunately, E caught him without too much damage.

I was tripping hard, and half didn't realize what was going on, and half had this instinct that knew exactly what had happened. I got up, and went over to see what was up. N eventually woke up, and started having a better trip.

We then proceeded to chill again back in the other room. N was tripping very hard - from what he explained to me, he was at least at level 4.

I was seeing some very nice CEVs and some interesting OEVs as I observed the room we were in like it were new. I was feeling great, too.

I don't remember much else from that trip, apart from the fact that it was a very powerful trip for the amount we ate.

In another 2 weeks, N and myself had the opportunity to trip again, this time at his house. He believed it would be comfortable enough to do that, with all of his family home. I'll take that up in another report.