I tried to get a group of 3 people, including myself to go to the park and trip out, this was going to be my 4th time eating mush, but it turned out to be my 1st time at level 2, as the first 3 were level 1. I got to level 2 because I had an empty stomach, and I liked the visuals a heck of alot. I only managed to get 1 friend with me, so we set out to the park with a lake.
   
Me and my friend munched our shrooms and layed a blanket down. I layed down and listened to Infected Mushroom and similar trippy techno while the shrooms started. Since I didnt wear a watch, I dont know when they hit me, but I started to feel spaced out, then the clouds tripped me out. They looked different, and beautiful at the same time. The clouds would morph, and it would be like a kalidescope. They were thin clouds, not thick. I saw a dragon and other things in them, it was cool. This is when I knew I was coming on. I had sunglasses on, but the sky was not blue anylonger, it would turn shades of light purple too! Only later did I tell my friend, and he told me he saw the same thing, and thats what jimmy hendrix was talking about: Purple Haze!!!
   
I got a lil worried as my thoughts were getting different, and my 'me' feeling was dissapearing. There was no base feeling. I took a walk, and I couldent really think of anything too deep, as my memory and mind were unable to think of anything complex. I threw some pine cones at ducks and headed back to base camp. I layed back down and told my friend to take a walk and I would watch out stuff.

When he came back were chatting and I was talking random stuff. I was telling him how psilocybin works on the mind, that it removes the natural brain filter, so I can experience what its like to have this filter removed. And that my imagination is at play. I told him I felt like a painter, who could paint any image he imagined in the sky, and his paints were the clouds, and the sky was his paper.

We chatted more, and we were talking nonsense and laughing at what we were saying. I figured out that Carl's Jr. Uses a star as their logo because its like a star. They want to represent themselves as an Energy station. A star is hot, pure energy, and a round mass, much like a breast to an infant, who sucks on it to gain energy.

This and I could talk random stuff non-stop, the words flowed out of my mouth much easier than normal. I enjoyed the after glow, which I am still experiencing actually. We went and saw a movie, then I came home, and wrote this. All in all, I ate a 1/2 eighth, and the effects were: cloud morphing, cool vision, mild tracers, mild closed eye visuals that are connected to my imagination, thinking is altered, thinking is shallow and fast paced, or it can be deep and meaning full, empathy for friends and people. Joy, awe, and thankfullness for your gifts.