##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

At this point I had prolly done mushrooms about12-16 2 weeks prior to this and acid 3 times one of which I went snowboarding during witch was an indicator to me that I could handle the fallowing.

It all started in school my sophomore year during exams, after I had finished my chemistry exam. I had a half oz of mushrooms in my pocket and realized that I had no classes left in the day and still 1:30 minutes till my exam period was finished. I headed for the bathroom and chomped down an eighth with some water from the sink as a chaser.

I then went back to my class and waited for my trip to come on. I first felt it coming on about 45 mins after I consumed them. They hit me in full force right as the bell rang and as I stood up to leave the classroom. The trip was pretty weak at this point because I had quite a tolerance built up from the weeks prior. This was a good thing cause I would not like to be trippin hard in school.  I had no visuals due to my tolerance.

My friend gave me a ride to my other friend t's house. In the car there was some funk on witch I could really groove to. When we arrived at t's house we smoked a couple onies of some Afghani bud he had picked up in school that day. Cannabis always makes my trip run smoother, it takes the edge off. At this point I consumed another quarter of shrooms with a hot pocket.(approximately 2 hours after I ate the last eighth) We then went for a walk in the rain. The rain felt super intense on my back, almost like a massage. Me and "t" beat boxed as we walked it was a super fun thing to do when your trippen. After a while we came upon a creek and just as this happened the rain stopped immediately and the sun poked through the clouds. My trip exploded it felt like the entire quarter just hit me all at once. A tingly sensation vibrated through my body. With each second it grew more and more intense. Every time I breathed in I could feel the oxygen going in to my lungs this increased the tingling sensation times 2.  All of a sudden the entire tree line started flying in and out coming at me then receding. ENTIRE trees were moving and swirling around me. This also increased the tingling feeling I was forced to sit down. I looked over a "t" and his shirt just shattered in to tiny little squares and then sucked back together again. There was one thought stuck in my head (nothing matters). At this moment I cared about nothing else in the world. Things I was typically self conscious about just vanished, I just didn't give a shit about anything, all the pressures of life were lifted from my shoulders. I had the courage to say anything to anyone I wanted and I wouldn't even care what they thought because I was having such a good time and nothing could kill it. I hitch hiked to my other friend m's house and met many interesting people an the way, I had a great time.

That night aprox.10 hours later I ate my final eighth and didn't even trip due to my tolerance. This is when I realized I needed to cut down on my shrooming even though it is the funnest thing in the world.