##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

So its the weekend and I have just picked up a quarter of shrooms. I stare lovingly at those little dried stems and wonder how to go about my trip. I started thinking that I would take an eigth tonight and then wait a week for the other eighth. Then I got a crazy idea. How about I just eat the whole thing now? I barley thought about it before I devoured the whole thing.

About a half-hour goes by when I start to feel the body high. I realize that its starting so I spring into action. I run to my bag-O'weed to roll a joint and smoke before it gets too crazy. But things are going faster than usual. Rolling a joint was nearly immpossible. I would sit and stare at my fingers as they would slowly start to wave in the colorful little spinnies of color. I somehow managed to roll a joint, barely, but it was smokeabal(is that a word?). I only managed to get about two hits before I could barely stand, so I decided to just go nuts.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

Its now about 11 o'clock and I'm all alone in a big pitch-black house. The visuals started going crazy as I ran screaming and laughing like a little girl at every little thing. Then came the blobs. Every few minuets a huge blob of color would detach from a wall and then jump on my face. But right before they would hit me they would stop and float in the air right in front of me. I would then proceed to name and admire the blob. This went on for like an hour, or maybe it was thirty minuets, I don't know. Then I was suddenly and inexplicably drowning in this sense of lonliness. I realized I had to get out of there. So I proceeded to drive to the local A&P so I could 'find people'. I finally got there at like 1 in the morning, but to my horror, there were people there. Wasn't that what I wanted? I couldn't remember.

I then got the idea to try and get more buds. I called a pal but he was all out. He was cracking up about the fact that I was stranded at an A&P at 1 in the morning on a quarter-ounce of shrooms though. Anyway, the kids in front of the store continued to bug me out so I left. While driving I suddenly realized its pitch black outside and I'm on a dark back country road and I'm tripping face. So as soon I started thinkinbg about the fact that I was driving, the road proceeded to change into grass. I would slam on the brakes and stare for like ten minutes until I could see the outline of the road again. I would get a little farther and then the same thing would happen again. I eventually got home and celebrated the fact that I was back home alive. The rest of the night was pretty good but I can't remember the details. Oh well.