Cannabis Overflow

It was a quite cool and dark autumn night and I had waited it almost 2 days. My buddy had some really good shit and we were taking a bus to his apartment. I had bought some booze because I wasn´t sure if the weed had any effect on me. My previous experiences with cannabis weren´t that special and I did not know anything about real 'rides' as I call them. Well, there were 5 of us and we were taking nice hits from an ice bong. I took my first one and coughed like hell. I didn´t feel anything and took another one despite my friends told to wait for the effects. They said it was really powerful ganja.

Stupid us I am, I took 2 MAJOR hits from the bong and relaxed instantly. The real shock came few minutes after this:
I started to laugh, first just a little but then I realized I laughed without a reason and so did my friends. I just couldn´t control it and kept laughing approximately two minutes. Then I experienced something horrifying. I felt like I was falling backwards. First it didn´t bother me, but then suddenly I thought would this feeling never go off. I don´t know why I thought that way but I became REALLY depressed and had horrible fears. After five minutes after the first panic, the fear started to fade away.

Rest of the evening was a struggle agains the fear. I had nice moments, when I just felt invincible and had super sharp vision etc. I could inspect my organs like they were out of my body. A really interesting experience, but then started a new fall and I started to fear will I ever be normal again. We hung around there and I went to near shop to buy something to eat. About three ours after the hits I fell asleep on a couch and slept approximately twenty minutes. After that I felt normal but I really had to think about messing with cannabis again.

Well I came to this conclusion: the drug turned against me because I wanted to get off it. So, next time I have a bad experience with weed, I'll try to just relax nd let the feeling pass on its own.

Ps. Sorry for all spelling errors etc. It´s late and I am stoned again.