Me and my Seattle, have been growing mushrooms for quite a while now, and we are on our third batch, we have a whole selection of different types. Well we have gained a considerable amount on knowledge about psilocybin and its mother the mushroom. What we wanted is the absolute STRONGEST ( azurescens) mushroom available, and then we would mix it with the HIGHEST YEILDING (we chose the B+ strain) to make a good batch for people to buy. Well we grew them, and treated them like our children, till one day we had what looked like a sea of sacred mana. We had learned that the aborts (ones that didn't fully grow) were the strongest. So we decided to take ALL of the azurescen aborts to our domes.

It was 5:00 and we were ready to trip, we brought along a couple other friends ill call them Goober and Datsun. We each took 1.5 grams and soaked them in warm water and drank the tea, and ate the other half raw. Within about 15 minutes the effects were coming on. I felt like my heart was being pulled down and I had a little bit of vertigo. I asked Goober how he was doing and he replied with a wide eyed smile. Everyone else was inside Seattle's house playing X-box, me and Goober were outside having a Djarum. 

After talking for 15 minutes with Goober I felt a WAVE of vertigo overcome me, and I became almost sea sick. I told Goober and he just looked at me with this empty stare and began laughing! For some reason this pissed me off. Yet I just simply started laughing. The body sensations seemed to be tickling my brain. The world became a confusing mess. It was almost as if I were tanked, and standing on the edge of a building looking down. We just LAUGHED and LAUGHED, before I knew it we were laying on the ground running in circles (homer style). In five minutes Seattle and Datsun came running out of the house. But Datsun just bashed into the screen door *THWAP* the sound warped in my mind and played over and over. Then we all just started laughing. Laying on the ground laughing out asses off as Datsun sat there Dazed, rubbing his head. By this time the body sensations were becoming a little intense.

All in the same mind set, we decided to stumble into the house and partake in the pop rocks we had purchased earlier. It was simply amazing, It felt as though my mouth was a volcano, my tongue felt numb but the top of my mouth was exploding. I then said 'ITS STARWARRRRRRS IN MY MOUTH' this was a mistake, because the peak of the trip seemed to hit everyone at once. I looked at Datsun's face and his sideburns turned purple, I just said 'wow...' and trailed off. Datsun tried to utter a 'you fucking idiot' but it sounded more like 'Joo Trucking IDOT!' this made Seattle go wide eyed in expression, he ran to his room and crouched over an empty box of ritz crackers and started dry heaving. We all heard him horking from the other room and we started to panic. I layed down on the ground and closed my eyes, and the visuals suddenly hit me like a cosmic truck full of, well... Psilocybin. The colors swirled around each other and danced. I could ACTUALLY see buddah with a spinning star around his head and a swirling vortex of a background. But wait... I was being sucked into the vortex. I felt a chilly wind on the back of my head. Although I was laying on my back. And was squeezed through the little hole in the middle of the vortex. Buddah seemed to be inviting me into his land. I entered the vortex and entered a room in my consciousness. Confusion overtook me as swirling patterns convulsed all over the hundreds of walls. The sun rose behind my eyes, I saw myself as an old man. I saw so many unbelievable things. I had kind of broken through the tension of the come up and broken into an ego loss state. This continued for an eternity.

I woke up to a cold splash on my face. It was seattle, he asked me if I wanted to play X-Box for some reason. I shook my head, the outside world moved to the music in the background (shpongle). The lamp beside his TV literally danced. It took a bow. Then I picked up the xbox controller and walked to the couch and sat down. Somehow I was starting to exit my state of terror, I almost felt... Good!. WAIT I FELT GOOD. I threw aside the controller, and went to find Goober so we could talk some more. I FELT HAPPY! I eventually found him in the kitchen drinking tea. we sat outside, and talked about our adventures while smoking Djarums. Eventually we came down. 

The whole trip lasted around 8 hours. The next morning I woke up with a slight hangover, and objects still slightly moved when I would stare at them.

I have tried many drugs, such as; salvia, 2c-b, marijuana (although I cant smoke anymore), DMT, 5-Meo-DMT and 2c-t-7. But this trip was by far the most spiritual. While I was in my dream state, I decided to start seriously meditating, I decided to get more active and get physically fit. Above all I learned to respect drugs! This trip report is but a fraction of what happened.
 
All in all I guess this trip report was just another brick in the wall. Peace.