I am a college student, and I have had history with drugs in the past. Mostly just weed, but i have experimented. But now I'm in college, and these are the years to discover who I am by experimenting. My roomate is a big time herb smoker, but he was also curious to try some sort of hallucinogenic. The prior week we bought a few bags of cocaine, and although it made us feel like superman, we were ready to see things in a new light, not just feel differently. The physical sensations of drugs are great, don't get me wrong, but I live in my head. The ideas that go through my brain are always in depth, mostly philosophical concepts and ideas. I wanted to try something that would enhance my mind, not just spark feelings (although extreme feelings are welcome too).

So my suitemate and a couple of girls called up a dealer, and we were on our way to a fantastic voyage. After the journey to pick up the shrooms and bring them back, we dipped into the bag eagerly like a bear in a honey pot.

What we pulled out was nothing less than magic. We slowly chewed the caps and stems, drawing out the juice to get the full effect. The feeling didn't hit until about 30 minutes, and I started to get slightly dizzy. Sitting in my room talking to some friends that were also on the drug, I finally felt it take over.

Me, my roomate, and my suitemate are all intelligent guys. Once the drug had kicked in, we proceeded to talk about our feelings, not finding words to give it justice. I knew that this drug had opened up an entire new world for me, an enhanced way of thinking. On this drug, I have had the most pure thoughts and ideas in my life. I tried to talk to the girls about my heightened thinking, but they had no idea what I was uttering. This made me come to realize the seperation of our minds, the level that some are on and some are below. I realized that every problem in the world is caused my conflicted interests, pure and simple. I had many revelations, and the closest way I can describe it to anyone is by watching The Matrix and getting into the core of the concepts presented in the movie.

My mind was freed, and my thinking will always be awakened. I feel like I know myself a lot better, and my life would never be complete if I hadn't have tried this drug. The hallucinations are great by the way, but for me I got a much better high on the intellectual side.