I have not had a lot of experience with hallucinogens; the number of times I've tripped can be counted on one hand.  In an effort to keep from scaring myself, I've tried to keep my doses relatively low--but I've found myself to be somewhat hardheaded when it comes to the effectiveness of drugs in general, so for this experience, I decided to up my dose a bit.

At an outdoor party I went to in August, I bought myself three hits of acid for $12 and dropped at exactly 2:03 AM.  Within an hour, I felt the now-familiar acid stomach, and had to sit down for a while.

After the queasiness wore off, I went back to the dance floor and bounced around for a while.  Before too long, I needed to pee, and knowing how unfun peeing can be in the dark woods, even when sober, I decided to take off before the acid really kicked in.

I found myself a nice little tree and began happily relieving myself.  Halfway through, though, the 'cid hit me like a brick wall--all of a sudden, my vision exploded with small, repeated, swirling patterns, and from the corner of my eye, my shadow looked like it was trying to attack me.  I got all paranoid and felt like there were people sneaking up on me, so I finished my business as quickly as possible and returned to the party.

In the light, the visuals had faded, and all I felt was somewhat energetic and euphoric.  I danced for a while longer, and then looked up again around 4 AM, and the people outside of the dance area looked very blurred--somewhat similar to the appearance the world takes on under the effects of nitrous oxide.  Sometimes, when people moved, they appeared to be leaving trails, but this was only the case when they were farther off, not right in front of me.

I was tired of dancing, so I went and sat down.  I hadn't sat long when, despite my earlier bladder-purging efforts, the cold mountain air made it necessary for me to head back out into the dark, scary woods--this time, the acid in full effect.

I returned to the tree of before, only to find that there were people sitting around it, talking.  I wondered what thsee folks were doing sitting by a tree in the dark, but I didn't question it; I just moved on.  The next tree I stopped at, there were people sitting around, too.  Gave up on that one.  Finally, I found an unpopulated tree, and prepared myself for action--only then did I spot the sitters under it.

By this point I was pretty freaked out.  What the heck were all these people doing here?  It was obviously a bad idea for me to go off by myself.  Fortunately, I had the presence of mind to pull out the flashlight in my pocket, and upon turning it on, all the tree-squatters disappeared and I could carry about my business in solitude.

The party continued for several more hours, and I sort of forgot about the fact that I'd taken any acid.  When I wasn't really paying attention to it, the effects didn't manifest--I had to actually actively try to make hallucinations show up.  I wasn't mentally impaired to a great degree, but I was rather spacey--I was prone to staring off in one direction for a long time without blinking.  (At one point, I was asked, 'What are you on?  We can't figure it out,' so I suppose I was obviously intoxicated, even though I didn't think I looked that way.)

The party was broken up by the cops around 5, and the hour-long drive home was one of the shortest-seeming and most enjoyable car rides I've ever had.

When I got back to my house, I went to my backyard clubhouse with my friends and smoked a bowl.  Marijuana obviously potentiates the hallucinogenic effects of LSD, because before I smoked, I really didn't see anything...but afterwards, the wood-paneled walls were swirling like plasma, with little spots of lights on them in rapidly changing colors.

That was about it.  This effect lasted until about T +8:00, at which point I basically lost my ability to function, but could not sleep at all.  I didn't move much for the next two hours, by which point the effects had completely worn off.

What I have learned:

--Pot does good things to me when tripping.
--Never to pee alone in the dark.