August 2002, the night was young, people partying having a good time. Some one approaches, 'hey you want to split a half hit of acid?' I think to myself, not really, but I want to stay in the same mind set as my boyfriend. My boyfriend takes the hit and rips it in half, eats one half and hands me the other. My worst mistake ever. 

The night goes well, I had a fantastic time, and was able to sleep soundly when I wanted to. Next morning as I lifted my head off the couch images of the whole room moved along with my eyes. I shook my head, rubbed my eyes, and the first thing I say to myself is 'oh shit.' I've heard of 'permanant' trips happening to people, but I never really knew what that actually meant. I never thought it would happen to me. I had no clue of what was going on with myself. I kept seeing things move, people that weren't really there, objects appearing really close to my face or extreamly far away, colors, what's happening? 

A month later I was visiting with my parents, the psychosis started slowly; little things like forgetting where I put things, deep vivid daydreaming that I almost couldn't wake up from, then the voices started. I could hear people say my thoughts, the madness of voices in my head, slowly I couldn't recognize my own family and had involuntary movements of my arms. During a lucid moment I told my parents I needed to go to the hospital. At that time the hallucinations were so intense, I'd see snakes crawling all over me, worry that I had bugs (I really didn't), the maddening voices, the constant movement of things around me, it was pure hell. Doctors put me on strong medicine that did not stop the hallucinations but weakend my ability to feel anything emotionally, shutting down all my thoughts. I started noticing if I was in a good mood the hallucinations would be silly causing me to laugh, but if I was in a bad mood I was in for a really rough time.

Through time I have learned to live with this monster. It's been a year now of constant hallucinating. The hallucinations are not as intense as they first were. I still see people that are not there (I paint clown faces on them now), colors, mainly black, go zooming past my eyes, spheres or balls pass from one hand to the other and into other people's hands, balls of light bounce off of people's heads,almost like a thin layer peeled off of actual people in front of me follow wherever I look, images jump out at me, and when really stressed or over stimulated the voices come back. It's not fun, it's just something I've become accustomed to, and it has improved greatly in the past year. From what I've read this could last 5 years (4 more to go), or permenantly, I pray almost every night and hope that when I wake up in the morning the monster will be gone. Needles to say I do not use drugs or alcohol any more. I was an active addict for 15 years. This has scared me straight. The end.