This is my second experience with mushrooms. A few days ago a friend of mine had gotten me an eighth. My first experiance was with half an eighth so I figured I'd try a whole one this time. I decided to wait a few days to take them so I could clear my head. It was Tuesday night and I was in my room which is in the basemant of my house. I decided this would be a good night to shroom because it was my last night of rehab and I was glad to be done with piss tests and meetings.

I can smoke in my room at night because my mom's room is on the top level of the house so I had made sure to have some weed for the trip. I ate the whole eighth except for a few caps at around 9:00 PM after I got home from rehab. After I ate them I just sat at my computer talking to people waiting for them to kick in.

They started to kick in pretty quick. The first thing I noticed was the water in the picture on my desktop was moving. I talked to some people and listened to music for about an hour and then decided that it would be fun to go outside. I told my mom I was walking the dog and started out on my adventure. I walked outside and everything looked so beautiful. The sky was purple and the light coming from the lamp posts was red. As I walked my dog I ate the few caps I had saved. Tree branches were melting over and the stars were moving around in the sky. I walked around my neighborhood in a big circle and then went home. When I got home I took out my bowl and weed and made sure my mom was asleep before I started to smoke. Smoking felt really good, I don't know why but it did. I smoked a bowl at around 11:15 and then put on Simpsons and watched that for a little. While I was laying on my bed I looked at the Jimi Hendrix poster on my wall of Jimi playing guitar and his hands were playing. The rest of the night went by fast. I also looked at the KISS poster on my wall with a picture of each memeber's head and the heads started spinning in a circle like a ferris wheel. I smoked a few more bowls and ended up going to sleep at around 2:30. The trip was wonderful and I am looking forward to my next shroom trip.