Some backround information; I'm 16 and have been smoking for over a year now. Mike and Josh were both a year older then me and have been smoking weed for longer. We've all done enough of it to be considered experienced smokers and have smoked together before.

On Halloween, I was planning on going to a friend's party, but I wanted to have some fun beforehand. After school that day, me and 2 friends (let's just call them Mike and Josh) came over to my house supplied with some lovely weed. While they packed our bowls, I rolled a few joints.

So we stationed ourselves on my bed next to the window, each with our own joint and bowl ready. I turned on a Mars Volta CD. Simutaneously, we lit up our joints and inhaled. 2 seconds later, all 3 of us were coughing like crazy. It was a while before any of us could speak and when we did, the words that came out were 'holy shit this stuff is fucking strong'. The weed was simply INSANE.

We sat and smoked our joints, giving the occasional shottie and such. After the joints were finished, we started on our bowls. I knew the second I picked up the pipe that I was already high. Still, I smoked the bowl. 

After the first bowl was done, we looked at each other. Without saying anything, we began packing another bowl. A silent language of the stoner, told in bloodshot eyes and stupid grins. When the 2nd round of bowls had been finished, we thought we were done. But then Mike saw that we still had weed left and said we had to finish it. So we all smoked another bowl each.

I was the highest I had ever been in my life at that point. I couldnt feel my face and my body was doing 10000 things at once. I looked down at my feet and saw them moving but I wasn't doing anything to them. It was like they walked automaticlly, even when I wasn't even though I KNEW that was impossible. I was so confused. And thirsty.

As I approached the staircase, I looked down and screamed. It seemed to wind around and around and go on forever even though it was only one flight of stairs. I was so scared and started to cry. I grabbed onto the railing and sat down on the floor and told my friends I couldn't go down those stairs.

It took Josh about 5 minuites to calm me down. He picked me up and carried me down the stairs while I clung on to his neck and shut my eyes.

Later we were in the kitchen and I was sitting on the counter playing with a spoon. I drank 2 bottles of water. We went out to the back porch and sat around a table smoking cigarettes for a while, talking and laughing about tons of diffrent things.

Some time afterwards, I don't remember, we had to leave to go to the party. It was about 5pm at the time. I went to my room to brush my hair and redo my makeup which was running down my cheeks. Josh came in just as I was done and leaned against the door, obviously stoned off his ass. He was talking but I couldn't see or hear him straight. I'm not sure how, but we ended up on my bed making out. We heard Mike's voice yelling at us to come so we left.

Somehow we got to a bus stop and found our way. This whole time was a big blur for me. I spent most of it closing my eyes and seeing strange images, thinking of crazy ideas for books and singing in my head.

At the party, there were tons of people there, most of which were my friends. Of course, I didn't know who was who. I was still as high as I had been back at my house smoking. I just lit a cigarette and sat on a couch listening to music. Then I passed out.

I woke up at 1am in a bed somewhere in some dark room. I panicked and looked around and saw Josh sleeping next to me. I woke him up and asked him what happened. He said that a friend had found me passed out and brought me up to a bedroom to sleep. He promised me we hadn't had sex or anything. The party was still going on downstairs. He called a cab to bring us home and after a short ride back to my house, I said goodbye to Josh and dragged myself into my room. 

Without changing or brushing my teeth or even taking my socks off, I collapsed into bed. 19 hours later, I woke up. My stomach was hurting because I hadn't eaten anything in about 2 days. I was dehydrated and immedietly brought myself to the kitchen and drank a liter of water. After I showered and got dressed I closed the curtains and drank tea till I felt better.

It was a crazy night and I still don't remember what happened that day. But I know I had fun and that's all that matters, right?