Hello there. I just want to start out by saying that mushrooms are truly made by god herself. This was my first time and it will definitely not be my last.

It started out with me and a friend (Kert) staying over at a friends (Sean) house. The catch was that nobody was there, not him, not even his parents. We took them at about 9:30. Within about 20 minutes, I began to feel naucious, I went into the bathroom as if I were going to throw up. It subsided within 5 minutes, and to make the rocket ride up easier, we decided to watch E.T. The extra-terrestrial. The crazy woods and things of that sort were cool. The first real visual I really had was at the beginning when ET had just landed in the woods. The woods became wavy and started to move kind of. Its hard to explain, but bear with me. About 1 hour into it, I really had a grip on things, and thats whan the real shit started kicking in. When Elliot yawned, I saw his face start to swirl, he turned green, and kind of melted into himself, then I realized this want part of the movie, my mind just created the illusion. I was so amazed by this. Then I started to notice everyones face was sort of out of proportion. It looked like someone had smudged it with their thumb. Even Kert's face didnt look right. Part way through the movie, we went upstairs cause 2 of our friends (Luke and JR) were coming over. I was so excited when I started to walk.  The ground was wavy, and out of the corner of my eyes, things were dripping. The celing especially.

Luke arrived with JR about 2 hours into the whole ordeal. Jake played some guitar for us, it was sweet, live music. When I was upstairs, I was wandering around when I went into his kitchen. There were some scattered papers on the island, and they kind of blended in. The shadows started to breathe with me. Then the room kind of became 2-d'ish. The painting on their wall turned into something I can only describe to be like a magic eye, part of it was out and part of it was in. Luke and JR left 1 hr later. Then Me and Kert talked for about an hour, and started to dance to the happy sounds his phone made, the rings were magnificent, and the lights went along with the music, sounds stupid, but thats what went on.

At 2:30 am, we went downstairs again and watched Kid notorious, and by 3, we were back to reality for the most part. The main thing I love about these things was that the morning after, other than being kind of dehydrated (and I think that this was due to the fact I slept with my mouth open) I had no morning after shit. I went to hockey at 9:45 and scored a goal and got an assist. We won 6-1. So my final conclusion was that mushrooms are truly gods creation. Also, looking back on the trip, I noticed how happy I was and everything was. I heard on LSD, you dont get that euphoria, so I think ill stick with the shrooms. Hope this experience was helpful, and fun to read. Until next time,

Max