Ok let me start this off by a lil backround. Me and some of my friends have been trying to get magic mushrooms since the middle of summer.and now it is december and we got them thank god. I was the one who planned the whole day out. We were to eat them at about 12 or 1 in the afternoon but some thing came up and we ate them at about 4  or so we were at at friends house I ate mine in a chicken sandwich boy did they tatse wierd!

So yea about 5 or so I had a real bad stomach ach and then I started to feel kinda funny it was like something in my mouth was rotting and my stomach was churning.my head was what made me start to trip out. I I kinda felt I was almost floating but not up floating down in to the couch. Remember this was my first time ever and I ate more than my friend who are veterans and have eaten before.I really started to notice the effects when I looked up at the roof it looked like a lava lamp. But then it started to change colors and started to rotate and spin.then I saw aztec drawings and then I knew I was pretty wasted but inside of me I felt like I was trapped and now my experience turned bad.I am really good friends with the people I ate shrooms with but I felt like they were against me and were mad at me because they would ask me a question and I couldnt reply because I was not in the room mentaly.

I asked if I could go outside and they were like no you are too loud so I stayed in the room watchjing tv.and jus for your information I really am against tv I dislike it. Soo as the 4 of us sit there watch tv I start to freak out I am a very self consicious person so if I look bad or if something is wrong with me I'm uncomfortable about it. But I'm also very shy so I dont really tell my problems when they arise.so I started to freak out and really wasnt have a good time. My sister who is like my best friend just got off work and came over.I thought she was angry with me and had something against me which was also false.

so it was about 8 or so and I was still tripping out real hard. Me and my sister left and were headed home. When things turned from bad to worse.we were at a stop light and cars were driving by scaring me and they sounded so loud and I felt like I really was going to die at that moment.when we got home at about 8:30 that night I was so strung out all I wanted to do was go hang out with some of my friend that could help me through this horrible experience.so we went to a park and I really felt great to be with my friends who helped me through and we smoked a blunt and a couple of bowl to ease my mind and relax  my body by the time I got home around 10 the mushrooms were gone thank god and I felt reborn and realy good.