It was new year's eve, me and my friend N went to my buddy M and his gf's little dirty appartment in toronto. So when we got there, M's like hey I'm giving you guys some shrooms. We were pretty happy cuz we didn't know about that. So I was ready to get real fucked and have a good time (which might've been a mistake cuz shrooms should be treated with respect and probably should be taken for a purpose, I dunno). It was a long time ago, so I don't remember the exact dosage. Well we didn't weigh it out, but we had about 2.5 to 3 g's each I'm pretty sure.

These were some fuckin potent shrooms. Kicked in real fast, and it was good at first, laughin my ass off the way shrooms usually make me do, started seein cool lookin geometric shapes on the walls that were always moving and changing. Usual patterns. We were watchin dumb and dumber and the people's noses, mouths, eyes and ears were sectioned off into squares and popping out. I was laughin at that for a while, but after a while it got a bit annoying for some reason. 

So my buddy N started to feel like he wanted to go outside for a smoke, either he was claustrophobic in the small place or it was too smokey in there, and we had a little conversation on whether or not we should go outside, but to me it felt like it lasted an eternity, and after what seemed like a while (but wasn't that long), the idea of being inside and being outside started to seem really really trippy to me for some reason (well shrooms). So when we went outside, there was this security dude walkin around, and we were talkin about how fucked we were, and for some reason that made me paranoid at the time and it didn't occur to me that hey it's new year's, of course we're fucked up, the security won't care. Then the security guy came and talked to N, and I couldn't understand what the hell anyone was sayin (the old 'bluhbumehengrenereh' sound that replaces people's words sometimes), so I got kinda worried we'd get searched. But it was all good. But that started makin the trip go downhill for me.

Anyway, back inside, and I reeally feel time slowin to a craawl, and eventually felt like I was trapped in time (this has never happened to me to that extent, so I was kinda scared at the time, but I'm sure that it's a normal thing that happens). The cool jagged snakey pattern things were pretty much takin over my whole field of vision and it made it hard to see, and when I closed my eyes it was nothing but totally different undescribable spinning patterns... So after a while of everyone actin kinda crazy the way shrooms make ya do, I got tired and laid down to try and sleep (which I shouldn't have done, come on I'm on shrooms and it's new years fuck), but sleep was impossible anyway.  

Here's the unusual part where my mind starts fuckin with me. So I'm lyin there and after a while of not knowing what's goin on and forgetting that period of time, I started hearing people outside who were yelling really violently (or maybe it was just the shrooms, I dunno, but it is toronto, always crap goin on), and to me the shrooms made it sound like it was the voices of my family members fuckin yellin at me like more pissed than I've ever heard them. I know I live far away from toronto, but I was convinced it was them cuz of the state I was in. Strangely enough, I got up, looked outside, and actually said 'I gotta go out there' (to deal with the yelling) and I was gonna do it but my friends told me not to. I started thinking I wasn't actually there where I was, that I had gotten too fucked and done something really really horrible and couldn't remember it. So lying down again, it felt like I could barely move at all, I don't know if this is normal for shrooms. I was hearing car alarms and lotsa sirens from outside, and it made me think this horrible thing I thought I'd done involved me stealing a car and crashing it while killing people, being the reason why I'm on the ground and can't move and I'm hearin all these sirens and people freakin out. It was all in my head, it was nuts. These sounds were really amplified to me so it seemed like everything was goin on right around me. 

It was so weird how my mind was makin up these little realities that weren't real. I kept forgetting stuff that just happened, so it was hard to put the pieces together and remember it's just a weird trip. So I thought I was dying cuz I couldn't really move and that whole theory that I had been in a car crash, even though I never actually left the place, and was finding it hard to breathe, pretty scary in the mindset I was in, after a bit I felt like I was in a state of purgatory and peace and I was accepting the fact I was dead. (finding it hard to breathe and having a feeling of great peace are pretty normal for shrooms, but I didn't consider that at the time) But a bit later I dismissed the idea of being dead (cuz... I'm alive). But not the idea of being in the whole situation. 

Next thing I know, M's gf is talking to me, making sure I'm ok, and for some reason I just couldn't recognize her at the time, this was weird, I didn't even know it was her, I just assumed it was a cop talking to me, asking me how many times I've done shrooms (I thought it was because of my 'murderous rampage' but it was just cuz I was actin real fucked), and strangely I said a couple times, when it's been sooo much more than that. Remembering the voices yelling at me, everything I thought might've happened to me but didn't, I said 'where's my mom?, I wanna talk to her', and this must've been really fuckin weird for them to hear me say that (later I kinda explained myself though). I was asking everyone, what did I do?! And wondering why no one would answer me (no one knew what the hell I was talking about!). So, I heard someone say it's gonna be crazy to explain this to him in the morning (talkin bout me). Still making me think I did something really really bad and stupid. What was really goin on was nothing compared to what I thought was goin on. So eventually I came to my senses and realized I'm in M's appartment and everything's fine. 

These were some fucked up shrooms. That's not a normal trip, I've never heard of anything like that happening to anyone on shrooms, maybe it's just my weird mind in the state it was in, interacting with all those little things that were goin on, transforming them into perceptions of something very different. I've done quite a bit of shrooms before, every time other than that one, I've handled em very well, had amazing times and loved every second of it. This was a weird trip. 

Thanks for reading