One Saturday a bunch of friends and I decided to take mushrooms.  One of our friends invited all of us over and we began to eat the mushrooms.  Some of us had never experienced mushrooms before, so the amounts eaten by each person varied, ranging from 2-5.5 grams.  The time was about around noon and the experience to follow was amazing. 

These drugs are mind altering substances and the experience is recalled as well as possible.

I find myself having a slightly higher tolerance to psilocybin then most, or rather because I've done them numerous times and the effects feel more familar now as a result,so the first coming up effects aren't normally felt until about 1-2 hours, for myself depending on dosage. My friends began to feel the effects rise before I did, about 30-45 minutes as I expected.  At around an hour I got extreme nausea, which I've experienced in the past, but because of the dosage the nausea was much stronger. I would say that, for me, the coming up time prior to the peak becomes more uncomfortable as the dose rises.  Everyone sat around listening to music as we felt such strange feelings. A few of us had smoked some weed, and the mushrooms effects were intensified.  I began to feel as if everything around me was somewhat leaning toward me, kinda like the walls seemingly closing in on oneself.  The effects seemed to rise fairly quick and I would notice more and more visualizations.  Waving like patterns flowing around most objects.  Wall paper patterns seeming to creep around on the wall moving from spot to spot.  

At about 2 hours I felt peak effects start.  A type of anxious anxiety was present as feelings of returning home again, back to this special isolated world somewhere not yet discovered by most people.  Everything appeared to be staring back at me.  I went outside to smoke again and the clouds seemed to form faces in the wind.  The trees seemed to be trying to grab me with their branches. They appeared to be somewhat more life like as the branches appeared as arms, the leaves as hair, and a face forming on the trunk. These visions were amazing. The mushrooms seem to bring out the living spirit from everything around.   Sounds become apparent during this time also as very subtle voices were present, but there source unknown. The sounds aren't really able to be described in words, some sort of vibration going through your head. After smoking, we all listened to the beatles. As I sat on the couch, I felt like I was sinking into the cushions.  Kinda like the couch was flowing around my body.  Music was a very important factor for this experience with mushrooms. Songs involving keyboards or mood synthesizers, or even good light guitar playing were perfect choices.  Made the mood more pleasant.

Ever since my first encounter with mushrooms, plants and trees now have some unseen beauty that I have never realized before.  Staring at flowers, they seem to be somewhat alive and able to move around. The colors of everything magnified 10 fold. Everyone else seemed to be coming down after about 4 hours. They decided to go get pizza, since no one had eaten prior to the trip. My body felt hungry but the mushrooms wouldn't allow me to eat.  When we arrived at the restaurant it was difficult reading the menu as the letters looked as if they were jumping around on the page, so I ordered a regular being as that it was the simplest at the time.  Upon receiving my slice the cheese looked as if it was looking back at me.  I picked apart at it being because of stomach cramps.  The end of the day was nearing and the view of the sunset was a vivid detail of this trip.  The rays of the sun and the pink and orange shades made the sky look like I had never seen it before.

I had gone home, the time now around 6pm. Upon arrival I went to the bathroom.  I ended up staring at myself in the mirror because the reflection looked different the normal and it felt odd looking at what is always expected to seem the same was suddenly very unfamiliar. I lie in bed and stare at ceiling till returning to baseline. I went to sleep and woke up the next morning 'homesick', but wasn't compelled to eat them again.