Haloween night I took an eighth of shrooms and went trick or treating with some freinds. They were high but not on shrooms. I was the only one. This was my second time. I hadn't eaten anything for 24 hours before the ingestion of the shrooms.

6:00-I eat the shrooms and hold them in my mouth for as long as possible.
6:15-We leave my house. I begin to feel the effects. Mild nausea and my head feels a little odd. I feel somewhat giddy and we go in my back yard and they both smoke some nugs.
6:20-We walk up to this girl's house that we were going to trick or treat with. We begin to walk around the nieghborhood.

6:30-I started to feel really messed up. I was very giddy and couldn't stop smiling.
7:00-The start of the peak of my trip. The world was like some kind of circus. All I could hear was what sounded like clowns singing 'The mushrooms,The mushrooms,The mushrooms' over and over again. Almost in a mocking sort of tone. Cars looked like hideous monsters and trick or treaters looked like axe murderers and goblins. I was having a blast because I knew in my head that it was just the shrooms. The lights from the houses looked like I was in some kind of video game.

7:10- We started to walk home. The entire world (including the non-stop clown music in my head) would go into slow motion for a few seconds and then into fast forward over and over again.
7:20-This is where it began to go downhill. We had to go back to that girl's house!! In front of her mom and dad! I was sitting on her couch and they were going through their candy. Her mom asked me why I didnt have any candy. (I had thrown it all over the place earlier) I COULD NOT answer her. It was like I didnt have a mouth. I just continued to stare hopelessly at the ground. Words cannot describe the way my body felt at the moment. She asked if we were drunk and my friend just laughed it off. She went to the door to greet some trick or treaters that had just rang the doorbell and I managed to stand and walk to my friends and tell them 'we have to get out of here right now. I CANNOT do this. We have to leave!' they thought up an excuse and we got out of there and went back to my house. 

7:45-I could not talk to my parents so we snuck in my backyard and sat on my trampoline. I was FREAKING OUT> I kept saying OMFG what have I done. I am never doing this again. I am going to have to talk to my mom and she is going ot know what is up. I'm so fucked. Fuck fuck fuck. Omg. MY friends were trying to calm me down but I was just too fucked up.
 
8:00-we called my girlfriend and she came and picked us up. We went to taco bell and I was trying to eat but I didnt have a mouth so it was kind of hard. I was still freaking out but I was just keeping to myself and could not talk to anyone. It felt like EVERYONE in the entire world was looking at me and laughing at me. Thats the best way to describe the feeling. 

I went in the bathroom to be alone and away from everyone because thats all I wanted at the time. I still thought people were looking at me because I thought there were cameras in the bathroom. I stared in the mirror and my face began to turn into satan and it started talking to me. I have no idea what it said though. I started waving my hand around and it had these beautiful colorful trails on it. The whole world was lagging. I went back out into the restaurant and there was this family eating food. Heres the fucked up thing. I dont know if they were just in their halloween costumes or if they were just seriously scary looking fom the shrooms. One woman looked like a giant hulking beast and was shoveling tacos into her mouth by the dozen. I kept staring at her and she kept giving my this really dirty look. I would look at the walls and they were just changing colors and there were crazy patterns on them all. We left taco bell.

11:00-we arrive at my house and I begin to come down from my trip. I stop seeing things and I begin to be able to talk coherently again.
12:00 Its pretty much over. I feel much better. We smoke some shroom dust and some weed. I drank a little. Just enough to calm me down.
2:00-I believe this is somewhere around the time I fall asleep. Wow. What a night.

This may sound like a bad trip but that first hour and a half was one of the greatest times of my entire life. 2 hours of terror is a small price to pay for that much fun.

I know where I fucked up and if I do trip again and I know what not to do:  Make sure I have the entire night planned out and Idont have to talk to any adults.