Well first off I have taken shrooms and acid a couple of times but there were semi dissapointing experiences.  I felt the drugs very strongly but when it came to visuals for some reason I had none to a few.  The two days ago a buddy of mine got hold of an ounce of supposedly really good shrooms.  There was nothing going on and my girlfriend was gonna stay over, so she could be my sitter. So I decided to take a half-eighth plus (some extra caps so maybe I could finally see some visuals).  About a half an hour after I took them I don't know why but I tweaked I felt like I was goona have a really bad trip, so I gagged myself, I couldn't get much up though, which ended up being a good thing.  Then another half an hour (t+1:00) I started hallucinating, I dunno why this time was different maybe because of the Celexa I've been taking.  My carpet looked like a majic eye, like waves in an ocean.  Soon after I was full blown tripping.  Everything I have ever hear or read about was happining.  I saw colors everywhere and everthing had a 'mushroom like' brown feel.  The T.V. in the backroung started slowing down it's speech, intense!  

I started to think too much about life and freaked a little, so I decided to meditate.  It was hard to do but after I calmed down I saw some insane CEV's.  They looked like the art of alex grey along with some wizards and goblin looking things.  I got lost many times in these visuals and saw so many things I really need to paint, it was incredible.  

Soon after I'd say t+2:00 my girlfriend fell asleep I looked at her for a while because she looked so beautiful.  She was wearing a black shirt and her eye was shaded and it r came out to me like her shirt was outer space and her eye was a hole through her face where I could see into the universe.  This in turn made me think about god and if this drug really did get me closer to it.  The world aroung me started to seem holographic which became proof enough for me.  So worried about upsetting god by peeking into his alternate reality (hey I was shrooming!), I decided to close my eyes and listen to some music.  I decided on some soft classical which turned out to be amazing.  Fuck techno this was incredible.  I could actually see the music.  I saw the notes come into exisance and fade away with swirls of color, soo mistical.  After that I started to come down, and I reflected on the journey.  I had so many insights and the visuals were everything I've dreamed of it  was amazing but at the same time overwellmingly frightining.  All in all I needed this trip to happen to me, it has made my life more intreguing.