Last weekend, a friend of mine calls me up and asks if anyone I know would like to test a hit of acid that night to test the potency of it. I immediately jumped on this opportunity and had him come pick me and a couple of friends up from our dorm. We're all pretty experienced in mind-altering substances. My three closest friends here had all tripped on DXM with me, we've all done shrooms, 3 of us tried LSA; in fact, between the 4 of us, there were few popular drugs out there that we hadn't tried. A week or two prior to this event I had gotten some 5meo-dipt from the same guy who was asking me to test the acid, so I trusted him and took the hit. He said his friend had just bought it off some hippie and warned that it might just be a piece of paper without any LSD on it. So I took the acid and waited.

A week ago I had mistaken a caffeine pill for Foxy and actually sold a few hits of it, and did some of it myself. Due to our habit of being stoned all the time, the placebo effect actually had me fooled for a while. I didn't want tonight to be a repeat of my gullibility so I was determined to be as skeptical about it as possible until I totally tripped out.

We played xbox for about an hour and then my friends started asking me about the acid. I was pretty stoned at the time so I told them I wasn't sure. A few guys told me that it should take about 45 minutes to hit me, so I became skeptical of the authenticity of the tab I took. We continued to play X-box for another hour until I started to realize that I wasn't just stoned. A poster on top of the TV looked slightly distorted but I couldn't point my finger on how exactly it was distorted. And then the people in the poster started look very real, like a window into another world. The poster did not become animated but I made note of this visual and told my friends I was beginning to feel something.

About 10 minutes later, I was sure I was tripping. My friend took me into his room and played some techno and trance for me and let me watch his winamp visual on his computer. The visuals completely captivated me. They colors were more brilliant than normal, and at times the screen looked like it was bubbling and the glass was being melted off. Pieces of color looked like they were about to pop out of the screen. At this point, wasn't having any difficulty organizing thoughts in my head and the body load was no where as strong as when I take shrooms. My mind was clear, and I was able to function pretty normally for the most part.

After a while, I got tired of the winamp visuals so I went outside to play more X-box with the guys. It was at this point that I started feeling the inebriating effect of the LSD. I wasn't able to concentrate on the game, and Halo seemed so complicated and confusing. Then all of a sudden, I look on the screen and I see my friend's cat running around in the level being chased and shot at. Nothing else interesting happened after that and I began to come down soonafter.

Overall, it was a good experience. However, the potency of the acid I took was less than satisfactory. I may have to take 2 or 3 tabs next time.