So I bought some ketamine (about 40 vials) for the purpose of selling it.  Yes, I am a drug dealer, pharms mainly.  I guess I've tried a few drugs (weed, alcohol, tobacco, valium, synthetic psylocibin, acid, oxycontin, 5-meo-DMT, methamphetamines, tramadol, and now ketamine).  Anyway, let's get to the story.

I wanted to try some of my product, since I already sold most of it anyway.  I am a lot more comfortable snorting things than injecting, and I didn't want to smoke it since I am a vocal music major.  So, I took a vial of 100mg and boiled it down with the only tools I had:  a candle, and a spoon.  I ended up spilling some of the liquid, and with the boiling method I chose, I only got 50mg out of it.  I have a milligram scale, and it was EXACTLY 50mg; very cool :)  Anyway, I cut it into two 25mg lines (as I read online), and didn't think I would get very high, as I have hear that the STARTING dose should be 50mg, and you go from there until you reach the desired effect.  Well, I got a LOT more than I bargained for.  The effects kicked in within three minutes, and I was sittting on my floor in my room, just sitting, in about 5 minutes, unable to move.  My ears were ringing heavily, and everything seemed to be shrinking, as if the whole world just compressed and fit inside my head.  All the sounds and images I saw felt extremely distant, and I found myself in an utter stupor for at least 15 minutes after ingestion.  At one point my dad came to my door to ask me a question, and it just felt so distant, I was afraid he'd tell I was high and come in.  Luckily, he didn't.  When I tried to move my body, my movements actually happened before I realized they did, and it was really weird doing things and then realizing I had done them.  My mouth and throat were numb from the drip, and my whole body was basically a little desensitized.  My head was really fucked up; I don't think I have ever been that fucked up in my entire life.  I couldn't move my head without getting nauseous (part of it was because I only had in one contact), and so I just sat there hunched over staring at my floor for half an hour or so, before the severe nausea set it.  

Now, I must preface this with the fact that I haven't thrown up since I was in second grade.  I am now a sophomore in college, so that's a rather long time.  Anyway, any time I tried to move, I would start to heave.  I tried to slowly make my way to the wall to turn off my light so I could go to sleep (I realized staying awake was going to feel like hell at this point), but I couldn't move more than an inch without almost losing my dinner.  In the end, after some effort and a lot of self control, I turned the light off, and then had to run to my window before I threw up.  I almost made it, and besides the huge pile of vomit on my roof, there is only a small stain where it fell on my window sill.  After I vomited probably 6 or 7 times, I felt A LOT better.  I had just eaten before the experience, and that was a BAD idea.  I went to turn off my other light, and then laid down under my covers.  I was out in probably another 3-5 minutes, and then woke up to my alarm 8 hours later.  I felt basically over the experience, but I still remembered exactly how I had felt.  I went to school, and that is now where I am writing this.  I took a few lessons from this experience:

I should not eat!  It fucked with my stomach something HARDCORE!

A very comfortable environment where I can just sit and relax, without any worries or movement to do is ideal.  I kept having to remind myself that it was only a trip, and that I would feel normal again in a little while, because parts of it were so overwhelming.

I should make sure I am with people who won't distract me, or alone.  I think if I were with people it might have been a better experience, because being alone can sometimes be paranoia inducing.

Overall, it was definitely an awakening experience for me.  I may or may not try special K again. I still have over a gram in my room at home. but I would definitely start with a lower dose.  I was surprised how hard 50mg hit me.  I am vegan, and skinny, so drugs usually hit me harder, but it was still MUCH more intense than anything I've read so far.