Communing with Nature

The time scale is ~6 hours.

My friend and I, (let us refer to him as 'A'), decided to do some Ketamine one night. We have been friends for many years, and both been involved with substances and the related illegality for about 4 years now. He has a lot of experience with Ketamine. I have taken some and know how to control it, but I don't have the sheer breadth of experience he does.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

The setting: we were driving around is his car, around our city (a major port town) on a Sunday night. Every 30 minutes or so, we would park somewhere, rack up a line each and snort it. We would wait 10 minutes or so, and let the wave of the high hit us, and then we would drive (or sometimes walk) to another location. All the while we were talking shit to each other, discussing the various states of our lives, the state of play of various deals and so on and so forth.

As an aside; as we had the second-last line of the evening, we were parked in a foreshore development of apartments. This was about 4:30 in the morning, before the city has begun to stir. We were laying back letting the wave hit us, when we noticed a very sketchy looking character wandering about our car. We grabbed implements to defend ourselves, and watched what this man was doing. He seemed to have no interest in our car, or even notice we were there, he merely put out his arms and started singing to a balcony 2 stories above street level. He finished his song, looked around furtively, and walked off in a hurry. We found this riotously amusing, it is making me chuckle as I write this.

After this, we drove for about 10 minutes to another part of the shore. I was beginning to feel slightly nauseous by this point, akin to the feeling of having had one to many beers. We racked up the last line of the evening, and had it. I felt really unwell at this point, and felt the bile rising in my throat as the Ketamine hit the back of my nose. I quickly rolled down the window and vomited in the gutter. My friend had gotten out of the car by this point, and was weaving around unsteadily. I, too, began to walk unsteadily, and it felt as though dark cloth was filling my mind. Then, suddenly, I experienced an unprecedented clarity of vision. Time was slowed, colors were more vibrant, my body felt strong and full of power. I dont know weather or not A was resonating of my feeling or came to the feeling by himself, but he was experiencing the same thing. We ripped off our shirts and screamed in an animalistic fashion, distrubing some early-morning passers by. Fortunately, we were in a part of town where much more bizzare displays are the norm at that time of the morning. We gripped each other, our bodies both taut and hard. It seemed like this only went on 10 minutes, but we figured later it had taken at least half an hour. As quickly as this sensation arrived, it left, leaving us feeling utterly sober and straight. I went home, had a couple hours of sleep, and went into work, and had a productive day. People I relate this story to say we experience Ketamine psychosis. I'm not sure if that is an accurate prognosis, however, the experience was very spiritual.