I have tried pretty much all there is to try and trip off of.  A couple of my friends and I had gotten DMT and heard alot about it.  WE were in for much more then we ever had imagined.  DMT was probably one of my most intense trips I've ever experience in my entire life.  My friends and I were free basing hits of DMT out of a lightbulb and took probably 2 hits each around 6:00.  WE WERE IN FOR AN EXPERIENCE.  

Moments after I had taken the hit I laid back on the couch and closed my eyes.  Im unaware how long I had my eyes closed before I began to actually leave my body.  My body was still in the room, but I was not.  I had tripped into a large dream world where anything i wanted to do, i could do.  I started off lost and wondering around a forest on my horse and I was a knight in shining armor.  I was looking for my lost love, the princess.  I finally made my way through the forest and found myself in a large field surrounding a castle.  I rode my horse up to the castle where I found myself fighting off evil monsters.  I defeated the monsters and magically with my powers forced the draw bridge to come down.  

Once the draw bridge came down out approuched a large dragon who was the ultimate gaurdian of the castle.  Large flames of fire were being spat at me but my shield easily blocked it off.  The dragon became to take flight around me so that it would have the advantage and I knew i Was in trouble.  I decided i needed to know how to fly and before i knew it my horse had changed into a unicorn and was at my side and had grown wings.  I hoped on my horse and fought the dragon for what felt like hours, until I had finally thrown my sword and it landed right between the dragons eyes.  It roared and spit out fire everywhere until it landed on the ground.  I had defeated the dragon and made my way in the castle.  

I approached a long flight of stair and began to walk up the stairs for I thought a good 30 min. i had finally reached the top to a door and I broke the door down.  When i looked inside it was the most amazing women I had ever seen and I knew she was my princess.  I walked in and began to kiss the princess when I woke up and came back to the couch I was sitting in.  I looked over at the clock and it was only 8:23.  DMT sent me into a dream world, not even a trip.  

Days after I had experience headaches and tingles in the back of my brain that often hurt. To this day I am unaware if it was from the DMT, and although it felt like poison it was one of the coolest experiences of my life.  

I again tried it a week later and it was not quite the same.  I had an out of body experience but found my self looking from the top of the ceiling down on everyone else untill i made my way back to my body and only lasted about 10 min.
 
I had no idea it was from a drug and I thought it was reality until I returned to my body.