So New Years rolls around and a good friend of mine and I head out to a party.  It was a bunch of kids just back from college, just like us, and we were all getting drunk together.  My friend had told me earlier that he planned on tripping that night.  He asked if I wanted to and said he would just let me have it for free.  So at first I declined.  We start drinking some more and smoke a few bowls of some good chronic.  So I start really thinking that ive always wanted to just experiment with acid(lsd) and I may never get a chance like this again.  So ask my friend if the offer is still up and he tells me it is.  So he is pretty stoked now that im gonna trip with him and some of his friends.

So we decide to leave the party and go to a much more chill enviroment.  We head back to his house and prepare for our adventure.  There was four of us, 3 guys and one girl.  One of the guys was my best friend and another one of his best friends.  There was also this girl there that was a good friend of theirs.  For the most part I only really knew one of the guys.  So it was going to be interesting tripping with people ive never really hung out with before.  So back on to the LSD part.  Anyways we all take our amount and I happened to take about 2 hits of this fractal colored blotter lsd.  I stick it on the gum right underneath my tounge and prepare for a adventure.

Before I go on id like to state that I had read about LSD before ingesting it and I saw no negative consequences for myself other than short-term.  So about 45 minutes into my trip I begin to 'notice things' things took on a dimension of their own and everything started to feel like it was building up for something big.  We watched some Mr.Bean for about 15 minutes and that really didn't put me in the mood or make me trip harder.  So we thought it was a good idea to turn some music on from my buddy's laptop.  We put on a bunch of random music such as Incubus and some classical rock.  We layed with the lights dimly lit and layed in the living room just tripping out.  I was having a blast.  There was no feeling of some sweeping panic I usually get when im on shrooms.  I felt like one with my enviroment.

I started to look at the TV which was off at the time.  I noticed patterns that were reflecting off it were bent into odd forms.  Then things started to really change.  I started realizing that the light reflections were moving and sort of swaying and this totally tripped me out.  I was loving every second of it.  Then I started seeing little colors in the corner of the room out of the corner of my eye.  Then the next song came on.  It was by Incubus and if my memory serves me correctly it was a certain shade of green.  When it came on the song was so intense I could just not handle it and so couldn't everyone else.  It also seemed instant when everyone was like turn that shit off! We had gone from some chill ass music to some crazy guitar riffs and it totally changed the mood.

My good friend then sort of started to have a little bit of bad trip.  It was mostly because of his friend who was defintaley having a bad trip.  I felt sorry for them because I was having a blast and so was the girl.  I tried talking to them to calm them down and it didn't work.  So I backed off and went to my own little world again.  We all decided it was time to smoke a bowl and went out back.  The neighbours were having their New Years Eve party at the time also.  I would assume this was around 1AM.  While in the backyard smoking I saw some crazed ass things.  First of all, every single one of my friend's faces was a black mush I couldn't define what they looked like.  Eventually my eyes adjusted to the darkness.  I looked at my best friend and became totally tripped out when he talked to me and his face almost seemed to take the figure of a snake face and have his tounge slither out.  Now I did not see a ACTUAL snake face that seemed life like.  It was almost as if it was a shadowy snake face and his eyes looked crazy.  I specfically remember telling myself, holy shit he looks like a god damn snake!  This scared the hell out of me.  So we go back inside and everything is chill again.

My friend then decides he wants to go upstairs and watch Wizard of Oz with Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon played to it.  He is sort of freaking out but not having a bad trip I would say.  He is paranoid because the house we are tripping at was the house he was currently watching for family.  So he got a little paranoid and thought the neighbor was going to come over and wonder what the fuck was going on.  I asked him why he thought this.  He said cause the neighbor has been taking care of the dog.  I said to him, 'who the fuck is going to think as soon as they come into the backyard that those people inside are tripping acid?' he didn't quite like that and just wanted us to go upstairs.  This was at like 3-4 in the morning.  So to please him I went upstairs and started tripping out on Pink Floyd and wizard of oz.  My friend sat down stairs in the kitchen in the dark for no reason.   I still to this day have no clue what he was doing down there.  I would check on him from time to time and he would just sit at the table and stare at the ground.

Well back to my trip.  I remember sitting there staring at the LCD screen when it was at a certain angle and I was able to make out what seemed like thousands of little mushroom men marching then a little amount of what seemed like blood trickled down on them as they marched.  I started to feel akward and adjusted the movie to where I could watch it.  It was on the part when Dorothy wakes up and its back in black and white and she is in Kansas again.  I get tripped out by this cause it looks so frickin cool!  It just looked so sleak and 3D.  So eventually we all start tripping out on something like the walls and lay upstairs for another good 2 or 3 hours.  Id say about after 7-8 hours into our trip we received what would be called a little 'normalcy' but were still tripped out by things.  I took the LSD around 11PM and was still gently tripping around 9AM the next morning.  I couldn't go to sleep till about 2-3 that afternoon and even then certain colors and objects still seemed colorful(more than normal) and vivid.

In my opinion LSD is a awesome substance if used properly in the right conditions.  Its been 4 months since that trip and I haven't used LSD again.  I will maybe never use it again.  I may use it once more when im a old man.