It was the summer of 96 in Calgary AB.  I had a group of friends I often tripped with, and there were a few girls my friends were trying to pick up.

Evrything started off like a typical trip: at randy's apartment wich was a lsd friendly place;good music good visuals good vibes.
Like most trips I have to go outside and explore, so we went to princes island park, a fun place to be stoned.
We smoked a few fattys at the top of the hill you go down to get to the park.  Funny how much smoke fits in my lungs on acid.    

There was a great view of the city skyline at dusk.  I noticed I was kinda being excluded so I tried to get in the conversation.  This girl mandy was tripping out on how everything looked square, I tried to tell her yes, but all the light are round.  She was like ooookkk.  This didn't bother me too much.

So we started down the never ending staircase down the hill, about halfway down I saw mandy sitting on a bench with her eyes closed, about a foot away from her head was the biggest pure black spider I ever saw in my life, it was really really big.  So I asked mandy if she had her eyes closed because of that spider?  Mandy got all weirded out and was all like what spider your trying to fuck me up, my buddy jason who was rather sketchy said he saw the spider too, mandy freaked out and ran away from me.  I thought that was kinda fucked up.

Then my mind started spinning a bad way, and I thought that spider was the devil, and if I told anyone I would die.
But I had to tell my best friend dave.  When I tried to tell him my delicate situation our companion jud,(this guy was raised in a hardcore christian home but now he is crazy, like he thinks he's jesus crazy)anyway jud is all like what you have to say? Want me to write it down? Pulls out a pad of paper and a pen.  I'm all like ahhhh what to do... So I just walked away, feeling distant from the group again.

I was sitting alone on the grass watching the rookie girls make fools of themselves.  They were all talking random shit and laughing very annoyingly, doing cartwheels and gymnastics.  I musta been feeling kinda down at this point, getting all self conscious n stuff.  Thats when dave showd up and showed me how fun running over the rolling hills can be.
So now I'm running around, I knew I was close to the river, could hear it but not see it.  When I suddenly saw a porthole to another dimention-It looked like a pure black rectangular door and there where ripplpes being radiated from the edges.  I stood in awe a thousand acid thoughts went thru my head, should I go thru? Where does it go? What the fuck?
Then my eyes focused and I was standing no more then two feet from the river.

I sometimes feel like I did enter a parallel universe that night.  For one acid was never fun anymore for me, and my friendships with my two best friends began to decay, and I went thru the worst time in my life.