Crazy Mushrooms (bad trip)

Well me and 3 of my friends bought a quad of mushrooms from this guy I just met at school.  I had done shrooms numerous times before but (after this experience I know) they musn't have been that great.  So we smoked probably an 8th of weed, then  me and my friend Sean split the shroom sack.  It was Seans first time so I was kinda sketchy on the idea.

We start playing football with some friends(BAD IDEA). Then the shrooms started hitting us so we walked back to my house.  We both lied on the grass in my backyard and staired at the stars.  I felt a more extreme body high then ever before but my mind kept telling me I wasnt on anything.  The stars were moving but I convinced myself there were just a lot of shooting stars that night or something.  I looked over at sean and he was rubbing his face on my stucko wall proclaiming how great it felt.  My dad came home with mc donalds so I grabbed a bag of food and left.  We went to walk seans dog. 

We were walking down the street when I start tripping hard(but still good) I was feeling great.  I kept putting my food in my mouth and spitting it out cause I couldnt swallow. SO I dropped the food and went to a wall to take a pee.  I turned from the wall and found sean and his dogg eating the mc donalds off the middle of the street.  My legs felt really warm so I asked sean repetedly if I had peed on myslef.  I was really confused.  This is when my trip turned bad because sean breaks out in a sprint down the street screaming at me to get away from the 'people' chasing us. I was still feeling my pants trying to understand whether I peed on myself or not. I finally got what he said and looked back.  I just saw 1 huge shaddow coming towards me so I figured it was a lot of people packed really close together.  I was terrified!  I started running with me. He then told me that he was sure he was dieing and he didnt know what to do.  That made me start thinking about dieing, and I thought I was dieing too.  We split up and went home.

I walked into my house and went strait to my room where I couldnt sit still. I was scared out of my mind. I was extremely hott so I went to the shower (DUMB DUMB DUMB).  I dont know what happened in the shower, but when I got out... I didn't know who I was, where I was, or how to put my clothes back on (or even what clothes were for that matter).  So I held my towel and emediately walked to the kitchen and grabbed a gallon of milk.  My dad found me in the kitchen naked with a gallon of milk in my hand.  He said, 'What the F*** are you doing?'. I then said, 'I am dieing and I dont know what to do.'  My dad told me to put on my clothes but I still didnt know how so he sat me down and attempted to calm me down.  I called sean and our conversation went like this, I said 'sean?' and he said 'Nathan, I am freaking out, I'm sitting curled in the corner of my room and we are out of milk! Am I going to die?'  I was trippin to so I tried my best to calm him down. He then screamed 'ahhhh!!, I got to go' and hung up the phone.

I threw up and within 15 minutes and I wasnt tripping anymore.  I was very relieved.  Ever since then sean has been to mental hospitals many times. He doesnt talk to me anymore and pretty much keeps to himself I guess. I still do shrooms but I barely have to take a gram to trip. I dont think ill ever be the same since then. Thanks for reading.