One beautiful Thursday night me and my friend...let's call him Jeff...we decided to go for a smoke. So we walked to the local park and when we arrived another 3 of our buds (malcom, des and ryan) showed up out of nowhere. So I asked them 'Are you guys here for the same reason we are?' They nodded. 

Malcom pulled out 2 joints each with .5g in them.  We lit them up and passed them around. It was very unusual. It didn't feel strong at first but it had an afterburn. About a minute after I toked I started coughing like crazy. 

After finishing both joints we decided to leave the area and continue to a new one. Malcom said we had to find the silver left from captain gold. At this point all 5 of us were completely stoned. This was REALLY good weed. We wanted to hit up my bong but we had no water. I then saw a little puddle of water left from the rain of the previous night. All of us were too stoned to care. So I filled it up and we hit a couple bowls. 

We continued walking down the path...I really forget where we went from there...oh ya...we continued down the path and I found a broken tv under a tree. I was very excited at the sight of this. I ran up and tried to rip a piece of the glass out, resulting in me cutting my hands up. 

We then found ourselves at a quickie but we only had $1. So we just bought 3 airheads. I forget where we went from there but we somehow ended up at malcom's house and Jeff had vanished. when we got there...we ate.

They listened to some music and I sat and thought. The 1st dimension is side to side the 2nd is up and down and the 3rd is forward and back. The fourth dimension is time, which for the moment we'll say time is a line of time, we can go forward in time and perhaps back in time. So the fifth dimension would be side to side on this plane of 'time' and the 6th would be up and down. The thought of this made me feel as if I had just figured something amazing out. Then I thought to myself that this must be the answer to time travel. The rest of the night was spent eating bread, white chocolate chips, mustard and hot sauce. As me Ryan and des walked home, we ran into malcom's older brother in his van. He offered us some sniffing tobacco. We all tried it. It felt kinda minty. I don't remember what happened after that but I remember listening to stairway to heaven by led zeppelin and I could hear the wood of the drum sticks hitting the drums. The next thing I remember I was in english class the next morning. But that must have been the best weed I've ever had. I'm planning to get some more.