For the most part my voyages on weed have been very favorable, I can recall only two intances out of hundreds and hundreds that resulted in a bad trip. I usually smoke free homegrown from my friend which is not to bad, however sometimes I find myself other varieties. I am very curious as to what triggered both of these experiences, I think it may have something to do with the quality of the grass. I usually prefer weed with somewhat of a citrus aroma,I find that these types usually give me an up-beat high. On  both the bad occasions I can recall the weed smelling not just spicy, but somewhat sweet like honey. From now on I will never again smoke weed with that particular aroma.

My smoking buddy and I went to A house I was sitting, flipped on the TV, and immediatly started taking hits off of a fairly large blunt. I can remember waiting abnormaly long for the buzz to kick in, but when it hit I immediatly knew it was'nt going to be a good one. My heart rate escalated and my knees began to feel week. It came on so fast and I knew it was only begining. My thought began to race and I decide get a drink of water and try to eat something, but on the way to the kitchen (which was about 20') I felt another wave of panic and disorientation and collapsed. I was definitly caught off gaurd.

I spent the next 45 minutes or so on the floor with my mind racing at speeds that scared the absolute shit out of me. My head was like drum to my heart beat and it felt like somewhat was cooking breakfast in the back of my head. It was like a flood gate for all of my bad emotions and thoughts had been unleashed and I was drowning in them. My friend was kind of worried and told me to move and get my mind out of deep thought. I remember his words and I tried to follow them, and it started to help. It was'nt long though before the trip doubled in intensity. At least it felt that way. Everything was spining out of control and I felt more depressed than I had ever felt in my life. Then I noticed poping sounds in the back of my head at the base of my neck. I laid there and tried to figure out if I they were real 'pops' or somthing the weed was making me imagine. 'What if they were brain cells I thought? Am I going to die? Oh Fuck! Fuck!' I could definitely feel and hear them but what really got me was that they were to a musical pattern. My friend tried to tell me that this was rediculas but I could no longer communicate with him after this point. 'I tried to mumble to him to tell my mom that I was sorry' and 'why? Do I have to be the first to die from a weed overdose?'. I do not remember much more except that I crawled under a pool table and rode out the rest of the storm. After that I felt totally tranquil and fine.