##EROWID_NOTE:LACED_CANNABIS##

It all started when I saw my friend DS owed me $5. I saw him at a local concert and asked him if he had my money. He told me that he was broke but had about 2 bowls left that he would give me instead. Since that's what I was gonna spend the money on anyways I took it. It looked like shake, with some greenish/grayish almost dustlike stuff in the bag. The next day I called up my friend TT. He came over and we smoked half a bowl of this stuff, and about 5 minutes later I felt like I was in a different world. We could hardly walk up the steps into my kitchen, but after what seemed like a half hour (real time maybe 2 minutes) we finally stumbled in. We sat down in my reclining chairs and looked at each other and just started laughing to the point where out chests hurt, couldn't breathe, and was just smashed. We laughed in those chairs for literally an hour non-stop. The laughter was echoing in my head. It felt like the laughter was making my skull vibrate. I felt like I was floating, and was just overfilled with joy, happiness, and all that great stuff. All of a sudden we both stopped laughing, looked at each other, then just started laughing again. When I stopped laughing it felt like my brain was being tickled. TT was laughing so hard he was springing back and forth in the chair like and piano thingy with the needle that goes back and forth over and over and over again. Just seeing this cool calm kid doing this made me laugh until I fell on the ground once more.

Finally, after about an hour of laughing, TT wanted to walk down to his girlfriends house. When we opened the door to go outside, it felt like the whole world was rushing at me, kind of like it was hurrying up to get the the door when I opened it. It was like opening one of those doors in the hall in the Matrix, where it was one COMPLETELY different world. I fell into the door, opening it and falling onto the ground outside. I crawled back into my house and told TT that I couldn't go. I couldn't walk, could hardly stand straight, and felt very excited about everything. The feeling I had is very difficult to describe but I loved it. I was buzzing for the rest of the night, and slept like a baby. Without a doubt this was the best high I had ever experienced.

I later found out that the weed was laced with PCP, and I immediately asked DS if he could ever get me any more. I haven't tried it again yet, so I'm still not sure if it was the weed, pcp, or both that put me in this different world. I know if I can ever get my stoner hands on some more I will smoke it up quick without question. It really was the best feeling of my life, and I understand why it can be so addicting (PCP, that is).