My boyfriend (22) and I (21) been talkin about takin acid for a while now, he did it few times before and I convinced him to let me try it.

It was friday, we were at his place. At 21:00 we each took 1 hit.

After an hour he said it's starting to affect him, I felt nothing, but he said it'll take longer for me cuz it's the first time. Time passed by, it was hard for me to feel it working, cuz I didnt know just what am I suppose to feel. Slowly but surely I began feeling happy, I was laughing for no reason, it was hard to remain calm. I felt energized, had the urge to go somewhere, do something. Music sounded so alive and great.The playlist was on random, some songs were amazing, I heard them like it was for the 1st time, different sounds, different beats, other songs which I usually like-sounded awful. The sound was affected by the mood. also the taste, we drank some cranberry juice and I was amazed at how perfect it is. Felt every drop runing down my throat. Then we went outside to get some fresh air, and it was the best air I ever tasted. So fresh and sweet.Came back inside. (still laughing non-stop)I looked at the clock, it was 23:20 but it seemed like so many hours have passed. Time just didnt move. my bf wanted to smoke, but said it'll make him feel sick, so I suggested he'd just hold the ciggi in his mouth. He did. But for some reason there was smoke coming out of his mouth (even though the cigarette wasnt lit).

Then I noticed that the 2 bottles of juice on the floor were moving. One of them was leaning toward the other one, like trying to touch it. We layd on the bed.for some reason my legs went numb. I tried to move them-nothing. But he calmed me down and said that if I'll really want to move them- I will. Then we we began having sex.It was probably one of the most intence expiriences ever. Every touch was so vivid, every tongue movement, every fingertip on every skin cell. The breating seemed really loud, every movement was very very intence, could actually feel him inside me, but in a totally different way.

We fell a sleep at 08:00. And slept for 8 hours.when we woke up we felt like after a night of drinking, tired and weak. But nothing more.

The whole expirince was nice, everything was intence, more vivid, more alive. But it's not what I thought it would be. I heard people looking at walls and seeing red dragons and blue fairys- didnt see anything like that. No odd colors, just few weird movements, vivid taste, vivid sex and a lot of laughs.