This experience happened to me almost a year ago today, I was just reminiscing and decided to share it with my fellow psyconaughts.  It was one of those spitfire trips.  You know the kind, 'Hey man I got some real good shrooms wanna trip with me?'  'Shure I've got nothing to do.' This was one of those.

My buddy J. gave me an eighth for $15 dollars.  I ended up giving some away to another friend who just wanted a slight taste of shrooming; I probably gave him around a quarter of the bag.

Anyway J and I took our beautiful fungus with some Peanut Butter, which was very good. We sat in my basement and waited.

(T+0:30) I start to feel that goofy yet growing intensity of a psychedelic experience.  

(T+1:00) I'm begging my journey.  The floor and the wall begin to alter their molecular form.  They became fabric held up by the strings of time.  I feel the loss of control in my psyche that I find soothingly chaotic.  

(T+1:30) I close my eyes and my mind begins to extend it's existence.  My thoughts leave my body and become vapors in the air, floating through time and memories.  The colors in my eyes became so complex that they told a story in themselves.  A purple-cloaked wizard stands on a cliff (a lot like the cover of Led Zeppelin IV but smoother and violet).  Vortexes and spirals are born from one another morphing and melting to bring about new forms, I'm lost in the world of my mind. 

(T+2:00) I try to watch a bit of TV to grab onto reality, which was sneaking away from me, but it didn't help.  I loose my concentration and the people on the television begin speaking like a severely warped LP.  I can't control my thoughts, fear creeps over me.  There's ominous music in the air.  I'm lost in the darkness.  Am I going to leave this place, or am I locked in?  Did I offend God?  Help me! Let me out! PLEASE!

(T+3:00) I decide to turn on some music to sooth my soul.  I choose some classical to guide my journey.  I put in Moonlight Sonata and collapse, overwhelmed with myself.  I close my eyes to see what I hear.  The colors directly reflect the music.  The violets pulse with the heartbeat of the music.  The dark reds blast around the melody with deep blues extending beyond my reach.  All painted on a black background of an unknown void.  My thoughts calm as I become lost in this beauty.

(T+4:00) The trip starts to wind down.  The fear is gone, and the glimpse into ultimate reality begins to end.  I cannot help but wish to travel again.  The fear took hold and the trip was scarred by my ego.

This was one of my favorite trips and I will always remember it.  I was extremely scared at one point, but this only reminds me of how much we don't know, and how much there is to explore.