This is my experience with the first time I tripped shrooms. My friends and I were all waiting around about 8pm one night because we had just all bought 1/8ths for 40 dollars... After recieving the drug we quickly made our way to the table.. sorted the shrooms and devoured an eighth each.

We decided to go on a hike up into the hills (of Wyoming). We got to a nice hill away from housing, and smoked a few bowls of Nug trying to pass time before our trip came. About 1 hour later after walking a couple miles further into the hills I started to feel the effects. I lost all control of speech and could do nothing but mutter... Although this muttering was absolutley uncomprehensible, I was doing it so fast that I was amazed and drawn into it..

My friends tell me they decided to go home for the trip and left me out on this hill... All I remember was picturing myself in a large rave type concert/party out in the hills. About 2 hours later I somehow found my way back to my friends house were I was quick to realize all of us were tripping hard. One friend and I went to the front yard to admire the 'perfect sky' as my other friends stayed in to experiece the 'perfect song' and 'perfect guitar rift'....

The whole experiece seemed as though we had been put into the 'perfect place'. Alittle later we all found ourselves inside surrounding the dinner table, this is where my night got worse. I asked what time it was... I was quick to get an answer. '2 o'clock'... We sat there.. staring.. waiting.. talking of such things as 'Nothing is Not' and comparing our sanity to that of the common equation '1=1'.. after what seemed to be a couple hours I asked what time it was again, and was quick to get the reply.... '2 o'clock'... With this in mind.. Time stopped for what I calculated to be about 8+ hours that stayed '2 o'clock' and NO the clock was not broken. All in all I believe that if one doesn't mind losing oneself in mind and body, shrooms are excellent. If one has trouble with sanity as it is.. this is not one's drug.