
I went to a club one night with a couple of friends.  Before entering the club one of my best friends and me decided to go to have some M-Burgers. On our way we finished a bottle of strawberry juice mixed with Vodka.  Because I´m german and thus accustomed to drinking, after eating heaps, and talking to a friend, the effects of the vodka were completely gone when we finally entered the club.

A friend at the club had somehow managed to get 25 E´s. After I´d been assured the quality was good, I decided to buy two. Of course I´d heard story´s about E before and even considered taking it, but never got around to actively look for some.

At about 11:30 I gave one to my friend and took one myself, we always shared drugs and I thought that it would be best not to be to take that shit alone.

Then we both had a soda and went to the chillout zone. The E set in about 30 minutes after I swallowed it. Although even now my friend keeps telling me he didn´t feel it at all, apart from a little mood lift, but I was blown away. I must´ve looked really stupid with that smile on my face. Lets say you take a normal 'Hey cool look at that stupid dog!' smile. Now you add a stoned 'I think I´m gonna call my band The Pissed Reptiles dude' smile. On top of that there´s a 'I´m sooo in love.' expression on my face. Multiply by 10 and you´ve got my looks for the evening. And that´s pretty much how I felt. I´d say I felt pink plastic diamond.

Oh and music sounds just so good. Before I could think about the beautiful girls, the nifty floor or the pretty walls for too long, my friend(who I am sure was as high as I was,) said 'Damn it let´s go dancing'(something he doesn´t usually do, dancing that is) which we did. After some dancing I decided to go to the bar, which is where I really started to feel the effects of the drug. Talking flowed easy and everything felt like I was doing it for the first time, I finally found out why I started smoking that evening, then drank some water from the tap(what a surprise-it tasted great) and went dancing again. Great entertainment.

Going home at 6 am I still felt great. I had some trouble sleeping, and woke up periodically. The next day I felt just GREAT. After having spend three weeks without smoking dope, I´d been giving some ppl a really hard time, but now I am revived and my whole personality has changed for good I think. Not really a complete change in personality, but I tend to rather look on the bright side of life now, and I apologized for all the stupid things I´ve said to ppl I liked. Overall I´d say that this night was really worth the money I spent on the pills and I´ll probably do it again, but to everybody reading this keep one thing in mind: don´t overdo it. It seems like E is something that wears out fast and leaves you yearning for more, and nobody likes drug fiends. Peace.