I'm not really experienced with any drugs, apart from alcohol and marijuana, so at first i was a bit skeptical about the idea of 'pilling' as people here call it - but after being reassured by others, i was convinced that i had to try it.

I bought a pill off one of the girls at school, a small blue speckled pill with a butterfly stamp; i was in awe that such a tiny pill could actually do anything! Now that i finally had the pill, the same skepticism about trying it resurfaced, so i just left it in my room for awhile.

When i found out there was a local concert coming up i remembered the small blue pill in my draw, thinking it might come in handy on the night. Before going, i decided that since it was my first time that i should only take half, just to be safe. My friend and i walked to the concert venue, and just before we got there i pulled the half pill out of my pocket. I hesitated at first, thinking 'what if..' but eventually i just thought 'what the hell' and swallowed it. 

My friend kept on asking me whether it had kicked in yet, but there was still nothing. We got there, and about 45mins after i had dropped the pill we started talking to one of the guys in our class at school. I was still waiting for any effects to happen, but nothing yet. While they were chatting away though, i noticed a warmth come over me, it was like blushing but all over my body, and kind of tingly.

The first band of the night started, and we rushed over to the barricade. Again my friend asked me whether it had kicked in, i said 'i'm not sure' and then immediately started grinning like some insane cheshire cat. i couldn't wipe the smile off my face or stop staring at the lights onstage, they were mesmerising and everything around me seemed so clear and bright. While alcohol and marijuana tend to cloud my perception, the E seemed to enhance things - which i liked. The music sounded awesome, even though i had never heard the band before and my feet wouldn't stop tapping.
While waiting for the next band to come onstage, we caught up with some others. I'm not normally the hugging type with other friends, but tonight i was hugging everybody, and smiling and laughing more than usual. The warmth was all over my body, and i felt like i was in touch with everyone around me.

After awhile, i gradually felt the effects disappear, and i started to feel tired. The next day there were no noticable side-effects, apart from hunger and the usual feeling you get after having a late night.

I guess since i only took half of the pill the effects weren't nearly as strong or as long-lasting as they would be with a whole pill - but i think for me, a first time user, it was alright. The feelings i felt after taking the E were good enough to make me want to do it again, with a larger amount next time. If you've been thinking about doing E, but were skeptical like i was at first - my advice to you is: just try it!!