This was the second time I took mushrooms my self. I had bought an 8th of some unknown kind of mushrooms to me erlyer in the day and could not wait to take them again. So I took them that night even tho it was a school night and all and my parents were home and what not.

I ate them about a bout 7 and started to feel the effects after about 20 mins. I I first noticed a body high of complete happiness. Then visually I noticed the walls of my room breathing with me then all of the walls started to look like water almost. Rippling effects. I started to wright and noticed I couldnt keep a train of thought. I would start a sentence knowing what the end of it would be but half way threw I forgot what I was gonna say and started something else, which lasted for a paragraph long run on sentence that probably ended with what I originally started to say.

I layed down and closed my eyes and lost track of time. I left my body and was watching my self. I could constantly see the shape of my body then. I drifted off and started to see the life of a plant like no other that I felt was me. I watched my self grow from nothing into something beautiful then die and become nothing again. I changed into many other plant like beings and one that was the most vivid was a tall lanky ladyslipper that seemed like an alien and after I grew to my potential I out of my flower came guts and intestance. I became the guts and what not and saw myself as what looked like green octopus tentacles all tangled and pulsing and throbbing dripping with green oze. 

Throughout my experience I was a growing and dieing plants and animals such as a spider and other alien like beings. Colors and Shapes began to come together rather than actual visuals and changed and morphed in to other things and shapes.

I awoke from this trance at about 1:30 finding my self twisting and turning in my covers and felt the need to used the bathroom but had forgot to. I found my self to my facilitys and returned to my bed. I forgot about speech and had been the whole time communicating to all my surroundings telepathically. I started to remember how to talk but continually talked with out pausing for breathing and talked wile breathing and couldnt help my self. I practiced for about 45 mins and by then end I had regained complete awareness of my humanity and normalness. 

The next day I felt connected to all my surroundings and did not need to talk at all.I didnt say anything until about 1:00pm that day when I tried to explain the explainable to my friend.