It all started out when me an my best friend (Lets call him E) got the idea to eat some mushies. E had tried them before and said that he felt like a god. So naturally I was compelled to try them too. After alot of contemplating about what could go wrong, what I shouldnt eat, should eat, what to think about, and what not to think about. I have been preparing for this for like three days not doing anything that would get me depressed during the trip. He ate an eight and I ate a sixteenth.

We got up early (10:00) on that day and he came over to my house. We ate nothing beforehand so the mushies'll effect us faster. I got some lemonade to wash them down with. (citric acid supposedly speeds things up) We toasted our mushies and ate em like theres no tomorrow (12:00). Personally, the damn things didnt tase so bad...

Oh well anyway, It was a really nice day outside so we decided to go walk around. E was complaining about how long these are taking to work. We usually like walking around alot but once they hit they really hit. We were like rocks..barely making it to my front door. Whenever I do when I get into my house is put on some trance on my computer and just relax. We were just sitting down on the couch listening to some good trance once they blasted us. They effected E before me but since it was my first time I was totally gone. Since trance always makes me happy I just blasted it and waited.

My walls were pulsating in and out. I tried to stand to get a drink but I felt like jello and fell on my face cracking up. The good thing is that I felt so damn good that I didn't feel pain. I couldn't stop dancing either. My world was now a washing machine spinning in flashy colorful circles. I wasn't expecting to be that blasted but I was wrong. I barely remember what I saw I just know I saw things. I fell into my coat closet and just stayed there so comfortable and just closed my eyes. My musics still going so I was in heaven. I was seeing a whole 3-d neon story unfolding right before my very eyes..in total darkness! Then one of my other friends (lets call him T) came over just to see how we were doing...T walked into me laughing nonstop and E wrapped up in his shirt in a ball like a baby just happily tripping. T and I smoked a joint alil bit after that. By that time E and I were just past the point of making sense. After T left, B came over to check up on us too. Nothing eventful happened while B was here. I was laying on the floor on my carpet just watching it dance and change. E was laying down trying to understand everything.. Why this Why that. It was about 3:30 now and I was still in space. E and B left my house at the same time and I was there alone listening to trance. Thank god I was on my come-down by that point because I wouldnt want to trip alone. Thats about it.
All in all, once you have done the proper preparations in order to have a good trip, trip-away indeed. I felt amazing all over that whole time just listening to music with E my best friend.I had a really good time. And yes I plan on doing it again.