SO there I was. The 2004 Jerry Garcia birthday bash. The day before I had eaten a great mushroom chocolate given to me by to hippy girls and decided today was the day for mescaline. Before I even had the chance to get up from my seat, a man with his girlfriend passed by, took one look at me and my friends and asked 'You guys need any mesc?' this was to easy.

I kept staring at the large white pill in my hand and listened anxiously as the man gave us the warnings. It takes 3 hours to kick in, this makes acid look like its for ameuturs, ONLY take 1, this shit lasts 12 hours, you can DO weird things on this... Yatta yatta yatta, I eat the pill.

About 2 and a half hours later I sit still totally sober (except for the crazy buds that just kept coming from every direction) but I knew this stuff had to be good. All I had to do was look over at my pal F who had taken 1 about an hour before I had. He just smiled ear to ear and would mumble holy shit and oh my god before having a giggle fit then reverting back to complete silence. Then as the man told me it would it suddenly 'Turned on'.

One minute I'm sober, the next the trees in front of me look as if there made of thousands upon untold billions of tiny fabric like crystals microscopic in size. This would be nuts.

So I sat grinning as my friend next to me was taking in the atmosphere of 7000+ tripping hippies all around me. This was fuckin awesome. Everything was rolling, moving, turning to stained glass, I cant believe this. Smoking bowls of weed that looked like little white pieces of popcorn and smelled like mango probably didnt help either. But then all the sudden came the nausea. I suddenly felt as if my core temparature went from 98 to 298. Crap. I didnt even know it was coming went I puked all over the place. Good thing we were outside.

A little overwhelmed now I retreated to the tent alone as my friend F had done earlier. I just made fun of him but now I understood. In the tent I listened to all the tripping people around me. I could feel there energies as a whole flowing and swaying over the hill where we camped. Time distorted in a way I had never experienced before and I say this as an experienced psyconaut. It was 5, then it was 4:30 then it was 5:15 then 3:45...oh man...

Then came the night. I was still tripping face but a bit more in control now. The hippies walking around with the sole intent of entertaining the trippers was awesome. So many glowsticks and indescribable trip toys played with the waves of color that just didnt stop. String Cheese went up on stage and there performance was mind blowing. Literally. I felt like I was part of this huge community completely dedicated to the alternate state of consciousness. I listened as the drunk and tripping people yelled the phrases 'WHAT!!', 'YAH!!', and 'OKAY!!' from the dave chappele show and couldnt stop from laughing hysterically. One person would just quietly ask 'what?' and one guy would here him and just go 'WWHHHAAATTT!' as loud as he could, and then about 1000 people followed suit and continued the phrases all night long. It was fuckin great. Finally I started to get beat, most like from the bowl after bowl of amazingly high grade cannabis and fell asleep. I assure, I tripped face from about 11 in the morning to whatever time in the early next morning I finally fell asleep. And I tripped straight to the momment I fell asleep.

Its now several weeks later and I realize there isnt a day that goes by that I dont think of that weekend. Definitely the most amazing entheogen I have ever ingested. I cant wait till next year.