I just took shrooms for the first time 3 days ago.  I had been doing coke and smoking weed for about 3 years and few other drugs thrown in occasionally.  I had wanted to try shrooms for ever but where I lived they were so hard to get.  But one day my friend C and I met this girl, G, who said she could get a shrooms.  She said that they were chocolates, my friends had told me never to get chocolates because what people said that was the doasage of shrooms in each, was never right.

Supposedly, I bought 2 grams of shrooms in a chocolate.  It took about a week to get them.  I decided that I would take them friday during school (I'm a senior), and trip at the very end.  Well I ate them, and no tripping at school happend.  No effects.  I went to my friend L's house.  We smoked probably 2 or so grams in his garage in these brightly colord chairs..  On our last few bong rips, all the sudden everything exploded into color It had been 2 and a half ours since I had taken the shrooms.  An armoral can that was in the garage had a sun on it that was shining and flashing bright yellow and orange.  My friend L's face was green and I had a dot in my vision, like you get if you look at the sun.  One of L's friends then came over, and he was the trippiest part of my trip.  His face molded extremely in the faces like a dog lapping up water.  We then went up stairs to watch TV, but I couldn't watch the TV.  I could only watch them, because they seemed so interesting to me.  Like  they were a TV show.  I watched them for probably an hour.  We then headed off to my schools football game.  The only type of tripping, other than feeling like I was watching a TV show the whole time, was that I couldnt tell what time of day it was.  The lights made it seem like day, but I would look up at the sky, and it was black, so I knew it night time, but would forget every 5 minutes.

Now I'm in my psychadelic phase as I call it.  I plan on getting a quater of shrooms this week.  But stems and caps this time, no choclates.  So to everyone I really enjoyed the experience, because it made me see things in a different way.