##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

This was to be my first time trying mushrooms and I was excited.  I wanted everything to go fine so I read before hand how to make the perfect trip.  It took a few weeks to find someone dealing them and I bought a quarter for the next night.  Little did I know I wouldn't be so excited to try them again.

7:00 PM
The next night some friends and I went to a quiet park.  They were all smoking weed and some popped some Red Bart E.  I chewed the first piece of the mushrooms and it tasted gross.  I was sure what kind they were but they were covered in a funny blue mold.  I was told that the mold was good (still not sure about that one).  I decided to take it anyway.  For the next 20 minutes I rapidly chewed on the mushrooms trying to get every last bit.  Soon the bag was empty.  I wasn't really feeling anything.  A little movement of solid shapes but nothing too bad.  We decided to go for a walk to get some exercise.  It was then that I felt my stomach move and tighten like it does when you pop.  

7:45PM
We made our way to the baseball diamond and I was gone.  I looked at my friend and her eye had moved to her chin while the other remained stationary.  This scared me but I assured myself it was all good fun and not to worry.  I decided to walk around the diamond a minute.  As I walked I noticed the dirt moving on the field.  This movement shaped into small faces that just looked up at me.  I walked back to my friends and laid down on the grass.  The sky was turning purple and I saw something flying but I couldn't get it into focus.  I sat up when someone said my name and realized I had thought I had been standing the whole time.  It gave me a weird creepy feeling.  

8:10 PM
My friends were thirsty from the E so we went back to my friends house.  We sat there listening to exploding plastix (band name).  I felt weird and awkward in her house so I decided to go home.  Its only a 15min walk through a forest but it was nighttime when I left and I was a bit scared.  Okay, not a bit, I was petrified.  Everything seemed to be watching me and I felt as though people were hiding behind the trees so I ran.  When I got home no one was there which is a relief because I am only 15 and my parents would kill me for doing them at this age.  I decided to take a shower but I couldn't remember how to turn the shower on.  So I went and laid on my bed.  I looked at my door and it was so small.  I wondered how I was going to get out.  I heard my parents come home and I went downstairs.  They came in, it looked as if they moved instantly.  I was to feed the cat.  I didn't know what to say so I just nodded and went to the basement.  I kept trying to dish the cats food into a bowl but the bowl melted into the floor and I was lost.  My mom came down and got mad for me taking so long so she did it.  I proceed to go upstairs and smoke a 20 bag of weed.  I couldn't roll so I decided to do bong hits.  I did about 5 and then crawled into bed.

9:00
I turned off all the lights and realized that I was not alone, the walls and everything were alive and had somewhere to be going.  The t.v. Was blank but I stared at it for like 10 minutes then turned the t.v. On.  I was watching some cartoon and little kids were being eaton by this big baby.  Then they all stopped moving and looked at me. I turned off the t.v. And smoked another gram of weed.  It made me really sleepy so I tried to go to sleep but I kept waking up every 5 minutes from wild visions of old people.  The next morning I felt like I hadnt slept well and my head felt very clear.  I had a stronger, but more sleepy sense of where I stood.

I would do mushrooms again but next time I think I will have someone whos done them a lot sit for me.