Psychedelics are a world I've just recently discovered. My first trip was on psilocybin mushrooms about a year ago. Since then I've sampled S. Divinorum and now, mescaline.

 When it comes to ingestion, mescaline may be one of the worst. There are few fouler things I've purposely put in my mouth. The cactus reduction has one of the most revolting aftertastes of anything I've ever tasted. I got some advice about the reduction process of fresh san pedro cactus from a more expirienced friend of mine, which is as follows:

1)using approx. 1 ft of fresh cactus per person, dice, disgarding core
2)freeze diced cactus for at least 1 hour
3)thaw and blend to a fine paste
4)boil at low temperature for roughly 6-10 hours, depending on amount of material used.
5)strain all solid material from liquid

This method produces the afformentioned revolting concoction. I cannot express the task it is to drink a few ounces of this stuff. I've found that ice and a chaser are two absolute neccessities. Also, a proper speed of drinking has to be achieved. Drinking too fast is a sure fire way to vomit, while drinking too slow simply prolongs the task at hand.

That being said, the expirience is quite unique. With mushrooms, there is a certian cosmic, ethereal quality. Being and becoming, life, space, time, etc. Mescaline, however, has a more earthy quality to it. Instead of being concerned with space and time, a preoccupation with little things is much stonger. The most intense visuals I've had on mescaline were from looking at my own hands. Tiny cracks on the walls, smoke from the tip of a lit cigarrette, in these little things is where the magic of mescaline lies. The newfound detail and shifting texture is truly incredible.

Using mushrooms again as a comparison, mushrooms have a certian airy feel about them. They make me feel very light, very floaty, like I could just float away. Mescaline gives things much more of a liquid quality. A sense of flow and glide becomes apparent in almost everything, my own body included. A sense of weight in the body is extremely prevelant. Visuals take on a liquid state, with flow in inatimate objects and liquid-like tracers. I feel like I could melt at any time. 

Mescaline is definately not a solo kind of journey. With some hallucinogens, a desire to be alone and to take the journey within are the main draws (Salvia). Mescaline is more of a sharing kind of drug. I want the person tripping next to me to check out the wierd thing I am tripping out on. There is a feeling of sharing and openness for me that I wouldn't be more prone to otherwise.

One thing I'm left with after a mescaline trip is the desire to take the drug further. A higher dose would cause the next plateau to be hit, but ingestion remains the issue. One glass of slimy cactus shit is bad enough, but two glasses would be unbearable, at least in its current state. Thus a further reduction must be achieved. I believe the next time I expiriment with san pedro I will spend considerably more time with the preperation and further reduction.