On halloween I was planning to get acid because I thought it would be cool from what I've read about it. But I was unable to obtain it, so instead I got mushrooms. I have only previously in my life done pot, ecstacy, coke and speed. These drugs were horibly boring and a waste to me (except ecstacy, that was cool). 

This was my first experience with any real halucinagen.

So I go into subway, buy a sub, put 5 units of shrooms on it. I walk around town a bit, about 15 minutes or so, stuff seems slightly more interesting at this point. My brother is a genius when it comes to drugs. At a school near my house the walls were really cheep and when you hit them they make this wierd 'Bloop' noise. My brother took me here and we were entertaining our selves for a good 20 minutes laughing uncontrollably. We proceeded to home, normally this short half hour walk went by quickly, but it seemed that it never ended, it felt like we must have been walking to home for at least an hour and a half. On our way we were laughing at some of the most stupidest things, I can't recall what, but they were there. After getting home we laid down in my room and stared at one of my posters, it began turning 'electronic'. Another 5 minutes it seemed went by, and my tv and speakers appeared to be moving as if possessed by demons, but I felt calm. It was at this point that silence was really cool for no reason at all.

Then my brother told me to put on the Issues album but Korn. I had a stack of about 40 cd's and when I picked them up they felt like they were melting in my hands. I tried to find the cd but was unable to, he had to find it. It is a wicked album to put on. So we shut of the lights and stared at some tiny lights about a cm in diametre of blue and red. I had hooked them up to my stereo as to light up when base accured. It was amazing.

It seemed as if half an hour had passed when track 2 had begun, at this point I had some major halucinations, first my room began stretching, second my room turned into what seemed to be a black universe covered in green lines (Like in that simpsons episode where Homer goes behind the book case and discovers the 3rd dimension). I was fascinated and having a fun time. Every single minutes went by amazing slow though. Time was at an all time slow for me. I was unable to sit within one spot for long, I tried moving around but it felt like my legs were melted into the floor, and had to walk on my knees. After about a half hour passed (in real time), the black universe within my room had been replaced with purple and pink symbols, somewhat like that scene in The Matrix where neo begins seeing everything as numbers. This was totally awesome
.
After another half hour had passed by, (real time) we put in a movie to watch (J and Silent Bob Strike Back), this was a terrible idea, all my fun crazy halucinations began to evaporate, for the rest of the night my only halucinations contained walls stretching or moving.

But all in all I had an awsome night. I will definatly be doing them again some time.

A wise note to my future self: Don't watch a movie, just watch your halucinations and see where your mind takes you.