I had never done mushrooms before. I had smoked weed and drank alcohol and always have had a deep intrest in trying acid.  I thought mushrooms were a good compromise after seeing some of the horrible trips people experienced from acid.

I took the shrooms with some water after work at about 1030 at night.  I was aware it caused insomnia but I didnt think it was as intense as it ended up being.  I chatted with some friends online while I waited for them to kick in, and as expected, they started to around 1130.

I laid down on my bed with the lights off and Ween playing full blast on my headphones.  I really enjoyed the visual activity I was experiencing.  It was fun to turn the lights on and see the difference in the stucco ceiling I have.  Rainbows in the shape of stars shot around the ceiling and the colors in the room were SO intense that I was drawn into their power.  Time seemed to stay still and all of the songs fused together.  I was having such a good time watch the after image of the light bulb when I shut off the light.

It was about 230 in the morning that the anxiety began.  I got really tense and nervious.  I really wanted to fall asleep, but everytime I shut my eyes, I would just have different images flying around in my head.  I turned off the music and concentrated on coming down from the trip.  When Im stoned and feel like coming down it is so easy, but with the shrooms it was a different story.  Trying to come down made time pass so much slower and I felt like I was in a time warp.  This was in a time when I was already slightly depressed and All of the everyday anxieties I had came into mind and made me feel so mad.

At about 330 in the morning, I got up from my bed, and walked around.  I went into the bathroom to spray my face with cold water but I was so captivated by the mirror that I had to leave.  I went back into my room, and laid down on the floor.  I thought for some odd reason this would help me come down.  All that happened though, was that I saw the box cutters I used for work.  I looked at them and contemplated suicide.  I even remember thinking that it was more effective to cut along the arm rather than across.  I was so close to doing something really dumb when I realized what I was doing.  It was not worth it to take my life because of some stupid feeling I had when I was in a mind altered state to begin with.  I laid back down on my bed and eventually fell asleep.

I was truely more scared that night than I ever have been.  I realize that I almost took my life.  Fortunately all of the times I have done shrooms since then have been with many friends around, and when I felt much safer.  I am still aprehensive to take acid because I have heard of people doing unbeleivable things which have either killed them or someone else, or close to it.