My very first time doing shrooms was on a bus to Baltimore.  I had 3g of shrooms in my bag, and we decided to just see what it was like.  So we each kept popping little bits of it.  It felt like smoking very good weed; nice, mellow, total-body high.  Very cool.  I remember feeling very relaxed and introspective, and seeing mild hallucinations, mostly involving blurring of color and light.  I liked the experience, and decided the next time I did shrooms, instead of taking around 1.5grams, which my experienced friends suggested, that I'd take an entire 1/8th bag.  And I did.  I blended in with orange juice, and around 45min. later I was tripping.

At first it was a great trip.  I was seeing crazy stuff, sounds were exaggerated, I heard silly music, and everything was swirling and changing colors.  What I didn't know was that this was only a stage in the high, and that many more intense stages were on the way.  Doing shrooms was kind of like getting more and more high in increments, and having to adapt to each new stage.  

By the third stage of my high, although I was really enjoying the hallucinations, I started having a bad head trip.  I felt terrified for now reason at all, and very very depressed about the most minute insecurities I have about myself.  And my emotions were changing rapidly...one minute I'd be cracking up, the next minute crying (literally).  Then things got too trippy for me to handle, probably only because I had no experience with this drug before.  I was with a friend (who was totally sober), and every time I said something I was totally convinced that I was speaking in my friends' voice.  It sounded exactly the same to me.  Then I looked at him, and because convinced that I was looking in a mirror, and that I was identical to him.  I kept shouting at him to tell me who I am, what my name was, that I was my own being.  He thought it was amusing, so he played along.  Then I remember playing a video game, in a different part of my house, and thinking to myself, 'wait, did all that just happen?  Or did I imagine the entire thing?  Wasn't I just in that other room?'  Nothing made sense at all, and this kind of total loss of rationality through me into a panic.  I was very scared of being on my own, of not knowing what was real anymore.  My friend quickly talked me out of it, and the rest of the time was mostly enjoyable.  Next time I'll probably do around 2grams, and see if that's a little more under control.

I learned that setting is very important on mushrooms.  In case I went nuts, I was happy to have someone present to babysit and help me be comfortable.  Taking so much my first time was too much tripping too fast, and it freaked me out.