I decided to try shrooms for the first time.  I did it with a bunch of my friends and we each ate half an 1/8th.  The taste wasn't as bad as I expected, but it wasn't great either.  It tasted similar to normal mushrooms.  It took about half an hour for the tripping to start. This is going to be sort of hard to explain, but I'll do my best.

The first sign of the tripping was when my vision started blurring slightly.  After that, I noticed stationary things like rocks on the ground started moving.  About an hour in, things started to get really interesting.  We were walking over a bridge and looking down into a stream.  I was watching the water move in reverse from the way it was flowing. In addition, staring at the ground I started to see patterns in the bridge. I also saw color changes where ever there was grass, changing from bright green to blue to red. Physically, I kept feeling like parts of my body were unfamiliar, mostly in my tongue and my arms.  It was as if my arm was someone else's.

One of the most amazing visuals came when we went to the art museum.  Some paintings looked 3d, others I could see the heads mouthing words.  My hearing did not seem to be effected, however it was hard to follow people's conversations.  Toward the end of the trip, things got a little scary. In the art museum, a couple of security guards escorted us out because they were closing.  I was paranoid that they were gonna kick us out.  We went back to the house we were staying at, and then I started freaking out.  This one kid was messing with us and tried to confuse us.  At the time, I thought the best thing to do would be to try and sleep, so I closed my eyes, but 5 seconds later my eyes would be open and I wasn't sure if they were open or closed.  At this point, it was about 6 hours after taking the shrooms, I thought that I wouldn't be able to stop tripping.  I kept trying to concentrate on acting normal, but I ended up just feeling nauseous.

At one point, I walked away up to the bathroom and felt like I was gonna puke.  Eventually, someone let me crash in their room so that I could be away from any people and noise. I kept on freaking out for about an hour and a half before I could leave and talk to people.  Even then, I felt  unsure of when to speak and what to say.  I was also going from feeling really hot to really cold throughout the house.  I didn't feel entirely back to normal for another 24 hours.

Overall, I can say that I wasn't prepared at all for the hallucinations.  The biggest misconception that I had was that I would just see stuff but I would be in control of myself and just enjoy it.  I think a person really needs to feel entirely safe while doing shrooms and needs to be away from people who have never taken them.  Also, one should be prepared for the trip to last a long time.  I was told that for the dose I had, the trip should last at most 4 hours. Mine lasted close to 8 hours for the visual hallucinations to stop and almost a full day before I was completely comfortable.