Before I tried ecstasy, I was a shy anti-social kind of guy.  I had a couple of good friends but most of my 'friends' were just acquaintances.  I used to smoke quite a bit of weed but it was never really what I wanted.  I had also done shrooms, and had been offered coke but never did it.  When I was first offered X, I was uneasy about trying such a 'hard' drug. I was also worried about my friend who is something of a druggie, cause I thought he was doing too many drugs.  

I went to look up information about ecstasy and after a bit of research and reading some reports I came to realize ecstasy wasn't the evil drug the government and media have made it out to be.  I even found out that it could be helpful in some ways.  After reading everything about it, I concluded that it would be a positive experience for me so I decided to try it.  

The first time I tried it I was not impressed.  The pills weren't that good cause it didn't last very long, but I liked the rushing sensation that it gave me when I ran.  I was discouraged with this drug because it hadn't been what I expected from it.  I didn't really want to do it again after that.

A friend of mine reintroduced the idea to me and I said what the hell, can't hurt can it? I asked a girl I know that deals if she had any but she didn't, so she introduced me to a guy that had some 'bomb ones'.  When I got there, the guy asked me if I wanted to try pure MDMA.  At first I didn't believe him when he said it, but then he pulled out some capsules with whitish brown crystals inside and told me it was pure MDMA.  Other people there told it was really good so I bought some.  

I took one with my friend the next day and I was blown away.  We had an incredible night and had a really therapeutic experience.  This experience was nothing like the first time and I guess this really was MDMA unlike the other pills I had taken.  I felt open, energetic, happy and my tactile sense was really enhanced.  I recognized these feelings as what I had read about MDMA and was happy that I finally understood what ecstasy was about. 

Since that time I have noticed quite a change in my character.  I am no longer shy, am a lot more confident and the mild depression I had is completely gone.  I believe that ecstasy is truly an amazing substance that can really help people if used properly. Luckily I am responsible enough to know when enough is enough, and I am not one to get addicted to things.  I have done it several times and I don't feel the need to do it.

I always take 5htp before and after MDMA and I NEVER get a hangover or any other side effect for that matter.  Also I take multi-vitamins, it helps prevent any possible neurotoxicity.  