A month or so ago I ordered a few 6 inch San Pedro cuttings from an online vendor with the hope of experimenting with mescaline. After recieving the cuttings I trimmed the spikes from the outer flesh and threw the cuttings into a blender. I then proceeded to boil the pulp for about 45 minutes. The resulting concoction was left in the fridge for a bit and the pulpy stuff was strained and the liquid thrown into a glass for consumption.

I began drinking and it tasted VERY bitter. Lately it's been difficult for me to choke down substances like that (I used to be a champ, dunno what happened). Anyway, I gagged a few times, but was able to get about 3 and a half glasses down the 'ol gulliver. I waited about 45 minutes and began to feel the initial effects. It was very similiar to the 'coming up' feeling of shrooms or acid.

I was feeling strange and a little bored so I decided to walk around my city for it was a lovely day. It was then that it began to hit me that I was in fact tripping quite hard. It was difficult to describe, very similiar to acid, but also unique in some ways. There was a slight colorful visual abheration that skewed my eyesight. I was barely out the door and I was nearly hit by a car due to my lack of attention. That was sort of jarring. What made it worse was walking past a family of loud kids. The noise coming from these people disgusted me very much (I've had similar feelings when I am on mushrooms and around too many sober people... it just sort of makes me hate all the menial crap people discuss these days). Anyway, I continue my journey through the urban landscape. I felt like I was merely floating about in a state of pure contentment. My mind was racing... thoughts exploding from my brain.

I end up many blocks away from my apartment sitting on a wall and smoking cigarettes. A little while later, low and behold, my good buddy and his sister walks by. I join them in a walk to a nearby convenience store. I neglect to tell them I am tripping (they're not really into the whole scene I suppose). I return to their apartment to smoke a hukah with a group of good friends. For the next half hour or so I'm acting a little 'out there' in a manner of speaking and decide to reveal what I had taken. The resulting conversation was a stimulation one about tripping in general. They were all rather inexperienced in comparison to my psychadelic adventures. So, at this point it's become purely mental as far as effects go but still very stong. We decide to go out to wal mart to buy a few things. I end up picking up a router on a whim (we needed it to connect my roommates to the internet). I begin coming down at this point.

Overall the trip lasted about twelve hours in its entirety. Much beyond what I expected from this stuff. Okay, to summarize the effects. It was a very mind based high. No extreme visuals to be noted, but still very clean and powerful. Exactly how a good trip should be in my opinion. The best legal high out there.