 It was around July when me, my friend kyle, and my friend eric decided to take an eighth of mushrooms each. It was my second time eating them and the first time I took them I didnt really trip hard because I had only taken a half eighth and just got a big body buzz.

Anyways, it was about 7 or 8 at night when we took them and we were heading over to my friend erics sisters house who was cool with shit.For the first hour or so we were just laughing hysterically for no apparent reason. Not long after the laughing died down we started getting into these very deep conversations about life and who we are. I had been in some pretty bad groups and done some pretty rotten things and they started to come out in my trip like I was viewing my life through someone els's prospective. I started crying very badly and couldn't explain why I was so sad.My friends finally got me to get a grip and let me know it was going to be alright. After all the crying and everything we got into some other talks about things, it was freaking me out though, when we were talking and analyzing shit it was almost as if I could feel what they were feeling just by looking into their eyes, I knew what my friend was thinking and he knew it too, we would be sitting there and we would meet eyes and we would both be like what? Because we were both reading each other but didnt want to admit it, it was very wierd.

That night I learned alot about myself and my friends and how reflective things in your life are of oneself. After that night I started thinking about life alot more and realizing the beauty that we dont realize in our everyday fast life. I found out that everything has a soul, noone is alike, and shrooms, if used right, can be the key to solving some problems one has in life and finding oneself. 

Overall when I took those shrooms, it's a little scary and overwhelming at first but gave me a great outlook on things that are deep inside of myself. They are very theraputic for me, and most of the people I talk to have something positive to say. Well I hope you like my story. Thanks

Ben from ohio