My friend and I ran across some mushrooms, so we decided to buy a half an ounce. I have smoked weed daily for a little over a year and was interested in the 'real' psychedelics.  We identified the shrooms as Psilocybe Cubensis, because they were suprisingly very intact.

I spent five days preparing for the trip, (i.e. listening to calming japanese healing music, hendrix, simon and garfunkel.) cutting out all violence and negativity.  J, my friend has taken shrooms a couple of times and is quite interested in the world of mycology, so I felt everything was safe.

I consumed the mushrooms at 10:00 A.M. with no particular fowl tastes.  Everyone goes to these extreme measures to try and hide the taste, but I found it actually not bad at all, having eaten them in about 15 seconds.  We went out to his hot-tub, where mist arose because of the cool weather.  The enviornment felt mystical and perfect.  

T + 00:30 , no effects yet and suprisingly no stomach discomfort or irritability.  

T + 1:00 , walked up in the mountains and I start to notice fine details within the rocks, but nothing outrageous.

T + 2:00 , some mild hallucinations, but so subtle that they seem completely impulsive. Dresser slowly flowing towards me and small pattern movement in pillows and carpet/rugs.

T + 2:30 , body feels very uncomfortable, literally awkward feeling within my body. I keep pacing because everything I do feels uncomfortable and like I'm stuck between the void of sober and coming up.

T + 3:00 , We start to think they were fake, but they look and smell perfect.

Finally my internal body feelings ceased and I felt normal after about four hours and felt no substantial physical fatigue or aching.
  
J had to try them himself to prove if they were real or not, so he took 3.5 grams and had one of the biggest body high shroom trips he has ever had.  He mentioned that the visuals weren't as profound as any other trip, but his body was buzzing.

Very interesting that I recieved no effects yet my friend an experienced shroomer felt very hard full on effects.  Hopefully next time well get some better, more potent shrooms and try again.