I was able to get ahold of some Ketalar and cook it into a powder. (this was really sketchy because my parents were sleeping in the next room.)

I am a fairly experienced Dexer. I've never done more than 800mg but I have done between 500 and 700mg upwards of 30 times in a variety of different settings and I've also done both the Hydrobromide and Hydrochloride formulas (I prefer HCl, by the way).  

The first time I did the K I was very unsure of my ability to measure the dose so I took a small bump off the end of key up each nostril, waited 3-5 minutes and did it again.  I would guess it was no more than 75mg due to my hesitation to do a lot and some spilling.  

I layed down on my friend's couch under a comforter and listened to the music she had playing (some bad rap turned way down low). I had some changes in perception, thinking I was very large and/or very small.  Some spinning but I thought that was because of the beer I had had earlier in the night (2 beers more than 2 hours previous).  If felt to me like a dex trip without all the wieght of the syrup or pills.  I heard my friend and her boyfriend talking about whether I had done the K or not.  At this point I sat up and talked to them somewhat coherently and the trip was over.  I came down and went to sleep.  It seemed to me to be less than a half an hour.  I slept soundly and for much longer than usual but didn't feel half bad the next day.

So the next night I was back at my dorm and decided to try again.  I snorted about 75-100 mgs in the bathroom.  That was the longest walk back to my room of my life.  I felt like I was a robot. I crawled into bed with some Massive Attack playing on my computer and waited.  I got some closed eye visuals and some more perception changed.  My body felt tingly and numb and disconnected.  Very similar to a large dex trip but much more sudden.  I could feel it starting to fade down after two songs (10 to 15 minutes).  I sorted another 25-40mgs and hoped.  Got not much.  Slept way late the next day and felt pretty crummy.

For a drug that I have wanted for such a long time, it's been a major disappointment.  I still have more and I'm sure I'll do the rest of it but there is no significance while on it. I don't get any remarkable hallucinations (I never do on dex, when most people might) and I have learned nothing.  I don't even have the emotional disconnection that usually follows a dex trip.

over all: pointless and a waste.