(rake-code name for me and jalx-code name for my buddy). It all started off in my basement. Me and jalx had some shrooms. We had an 1/8, so we split in in half. About a half an hour before we smoke a bowl of some grade A cronic. We took the shrooms with some orange juice. (not sure why, but jalx told me it helps.) It was both of our first times doing shrooms, so we were excited.

About an hour after eating them I started to feel a body buzz. My dad was out of the house and it was just me and jalx. We were really slap happy and I was very content with my self. Then we started to trip. I went upstairs to check my e-mail and I looked down at my hands. They were looking like the cover of fear and loathing in las vegas, and I just started laughing. After the computer I went back down stairs and jalx was holding a rubber lizard and just stairing into it, and then all of a sudden it started to melt.

In the basement we had a christmas tree with red and orange and green lights on it, the basement was kinda cold but when I would sit next to the christmas tree I would get really warm and it was amazing. After about 3-4 hours we were at the peak of the trip and the walls and floor were warping and changing colors. I picked up my guitar and tryed to play it and the notes sounded so amazing, they sent chills up my spine. We had the idea to draw pictures, so me and jalx took up my note pad and started to draw. I stared drawing what looked like a duck, but its face and legs were melting off the page and getting sucked into the floor. There were so many colors and shapes around me I was overwhelmed. It really made us think about stuff we have never thought before. I felt like me and jalx had the same brain and we had been together for are whole lives, but in real life I had only known him for about 3 monthes. We kept telling our selves that we were so happy that we where friends and that we were on a journey to explore the inner secrets of our minds. The experience was very amazing It was great journey that I would love to take again.

-rake-