1st Timer!

I did mushrooms for my first time on friday. We found the best way to eat them!!! We melted a couple chocolate bars in a pot on the stove and bud busted an ounce of mushrooms and added them in, then we poured them into icecube tray and freeze them for a bit, then chow down, I didn't even taste them at all. Anyways, I ate 2 chocolate cubes which had 2.2 grams in each. After about 20 mintues I started to feel warm and buzzed like I was drinking.

I took a seat on the couch with my friend Megz and I started to trip. There was a sparkly design on everything it was amazing. The house I was at, had 2 kids sleeping in it... And when they woke up they were super hyper and were running around the house. The little boy was on the floor rolling around like he was seizuring and his face was all bloody, and his sister was sitting on the floor crying tears of blood... When I came outta that mind trap I felt my high lower a little and I was kinda confused as to why I would see something so horrifying... But then I started yawning... Non stop and just getting higher and higher every time, I didnt come down even a little bit until 6 hours later! I remember not being able to talk... And when I did... It was scary because I couldnt feel my mouth or control what I said.

My friend kept asking me how fucked I was and all I could say was 'I'm so fucked... I cant tell if I'm talking', and from then on we didnt say another word to each other, just sat and tripped in our own minds. I remember thinking if everyone else there was trippin out to... And how they were having such casual conversations when I could barely talk. All of a sudden I got the urge to go to the bathroom... Phew that was a long walk... As soon as I closed the door and turned around I seen myself in the mirror and I jumped back towards the door... My eyes were pure black... I couldnt even see the white... And I was wearing a black shirt so I looked so dark and scary... I stared into my eyes for what felt like 10 mintues but was truly only a second or two, and it scared me but I couldnt turn away... Finally I grabbed the doorknob and booked it back to my comfy seat on the couch, I couldnt go to the bathroom for the rest of the night because I was scared to see myself in the mirror. Everyonce in awhile I would touch my face and there were tears on it, and I couldnt tell if it was from yawning so much or cause I was crying... And I did feel like I had been crying... So I dunno...

Anyways, I will definately do mushrooms again... And make sure I listen to good music because a couple marilyn manson and korn songs came on and it totally brought my good mood down...