I consumed all 4.5 grams of mushrooms around 11:00am. I began to feel the effects of the mushrooms withing 20 minutes of consuming them.

It began with some mild hallucinations, such as strange patterns of movement on the walls and such as the beginning of a trip. The hallucinations got stronger as the time went by. My sister came over at about 2:00pm getting home from work. I looked out the window to see her car, and my dirt driveway had turned into a swirling melting pot of dirt. I began to think of things such as death, not having family, friends, or pets in the afterlife. I was thinking deeply about humans and how they are so oblivous to everything I was figuring out so rapidly. I suddenly got an extremely bad gut feeling, and a need to do something. I could no longer sit still and enjoy the trip, I needed to do something. Not thinking of anything to do, and my trip turning bad, it was not a good situation. Time began to go by seconds at a time. I kept telling myself oh it will wear off soon

Maybe by 7 or 8, but time seemed to pass soo slow. I went downstairs to eat around 3:00 and forgot what I was doing, say down and began to watch the clock, and think about life some more. My sister had come downstairs around 3:45 and asked if I was ok. I answered 'what do you mean' and she responded 'you have been sitting there not moving at all for almost an hour, and I got nervous'. I told her I was just really high on ganja and she believed so. This is when the trip turns bad. My mom was not expected home until 1:00 am the next morning, but at about 5:00pm I get a call saying that she gets out of work early, and will be home soon. Not knowing what to do or where to go, I started running down my road. With it getting dark and nowhere to go, I called my mom from my cell phone and managed to say I was at a friends house. Walking down my road I had no clue whast the fuck I was doing, and I needed to go somewhere to reflect, so where a better spot than the woods. I walked my way through the woods for about 5 minutes, where I knew I was safe from people seeing me. I sat down and realized I was still hallucinating a ton and thinking way too much.

I figured I should try and sleep it off, in the woods, alone, while it is getting dark. I closed my eyes and it turned to hell. Literally I began to trip satanic figures and at one point I saw satan himself walking down a path with a brown sac, and than I opened my eyes and began to hallucinate a brown sac lying next to me and it was slightly opened, and inside was something glowing, though I did not try to touch it. I got up and walked away while it turned into a tree stump and I caught a grip of myself. It was about 6:30 pm and it was startin to calm down, but dont get me wrong, was still hitting pretty hard. I started walking home thinking I was ok but I really wasnt, and thankfully my friend drove by me while I was walking home, and picked me up. We went to his house and smoked fer a while. This calmed me down a lot, and chilled me out cuz I had someone to talk to. All in all it was a trip I wont forget and am deciphering some metaphoric messages through more experimentation with mushrooms.