My friends and I had planned this night out for a couple days now, and already had our mushrooms. This was one of the girls first time ever and about my third. I wanted to really trip out this time so I decided to get us all 5 grams each and assured them that they would be fine. We were at some guys house and he had no food so was downed them with a cup of water. About an hour later we felt all giggly and cool chillen with all our friends. We split a joint between the three of us and were having a great time.

At one time I got up to go stand in the hall, the hall felt very long and stange, I felt very out of place. I asked my friends if we could leave. Our only way home was to take the bus. It was definetly about -15C outside, and was so cold waiting for that bus. The bus came every 40 minutes and we had just missed it. It felt like we were out there for about 20 minutes talking about everything, but once I looked at my watch I noticed only 5 minutes had gone by. Then all of a sudden this car pulled us with a guy and a girl in the front and some guy in the back. They said they noticed us out here and offered us a ride. I said yes just to get out of the cold. So us three girls squished in the back.

So here we are in some guys car we have never met driving across town. We took back roads that all looked so unfamiliar,and thats when I started to freak out. We started down the big hill that soon crossed a river, and as I looked at the road coming up, it was all winding and slithering like a snake. Then the driver turns all the way around in his seat and starts talking to us. I freak out to this day I do not know if he knew we were tripping out or if he himself was messed up, but I was just waiting for the car to go off the bridge. 

Once back to my friends house we get out and thank them. We quickly went downstairs where we talked for about 3 hours in the corner about I dont even know. Thats when I tried to stand up and I couldnt. I told me friends and neither could they. All we could do was crawl, so we crawled around, as if we were babies. And slowly we could start to stand up, and run and skip around, and thats when her little brother came down and started running around as if we were all little kids. Soon we just chilled, and grabbed her guitar and jammed for a while as if going throw a life. After that we all lay down in our beds and talked about death and soon fell asleep which all seemed to be the stages of life, and we went through them all in just one night. 

It was all a good trip, one that I will never forget.
 
It first started kicking in when we were talking to some people online, I remember looking at the curtains and they waved and formed into weird squares.