 It was about 10 p.m when my cousin , sister, and myself put 2 hits of acid under our tounges. At this time , we didn't know what was going to happen.
 
Between 10:30 p.m. to 10:45 we all began to have the 'giggles' which in 10 minutes , our giggling started to echo. Visuals started to kick in when I looked over at the mural on my wall - a waterfall with many trees , rocks , ect.
 
11:30p.m. - All of us wanted to get out of the house ,the thing was, my mother was sleeping and we didnt want to get caught tripping on acid. We tryed to formulate a plan but our minds were blank , we would stand in a circle saying one thing and then totally forget what we were even talking about.
 
12:45a.m - After standing in a circle for an hour and 15 minutes we decided to just sit down and watch ' Alice in Wonderland '. When the movie started we paused it at the begining , when its a picture of the pond with ducks and flowers everywhere - and played some music. It was unbelivable. I love music when I am sober , but there is nothing like listening to it on LSD. I closed my eyes and it felt like I was standing front row at there concert , i could see the music playing in my head. I began to stand up and dance around.

1:30 a.m - Watched some of 'Alice in Wonderland' but could keep our minds focused on it. The rest of the movie played while we once again tryed to figure out how to get out of the house. I remember finally saying ' ok man look , it not like we havent ever snuck out of the house , we have over a 100 times , just remember we are on acid , we are retarted , but lets just go '

2:00 a.m - We got outside! Walking into the apartments across the street we heard screaming, but we ignored it for a while ( im not sure if there was really screaming going on) It got louder and we decided to just go back inside after all the hard work trying to get out.

3:00a.m - Smoked about 2 bowls to trip a bit harder - it worked. I played some more music and said ' im seeing music and hearing colors ' and that right there, is the perfect way you can describe it. The music played for a couple of hours and i never got tired of dancing

5:00 a.m. - Started to calm down a bit , relaxing , laying down, you know. I looked at the clock and it seemed to only be 30 minutes passing when it was really an hour and 20 minutes.

6:30 a.m. - I was sinking in to the bed , falling sound asleep