My first of several E's taken over a 2 year period MUST have contained acid, because the experience was unlike any other E taken thereafter. I was in a safe environment with close friends and my cousin, we all took our pills together and about an hour or so later I had a typical, but intense, E high : loving everyone, thinking the world was beautiful, buzzing sensations etc.

However as the E wound down I started to experience hallucinations (I had gone to bed by this stage, pleasantly exhausted from the E)... First I noticed the ceiling seemed to be moving, then I realised it was water, as though it was an ariel view of the sea as a helicopter skimmed across it. I wasn't bothered as it was very beautiful... But then I noticed a TV mounted in the corner of my room (I didn't own a TV), and a safari show was displayed, lots of giraffes and zebras running across it.

This disconcerted me a little, so I padded out of my room and  down the hallway to my cousin's bedroom and asked him if he too had a TV in the corner of his room. He reassured me that yes, he did, and it was okay (which I later found out he fibbed and he and his girlfriend were in fits of laughter after I left the room), so I went happily back to my room to watch 'TV'. It wasn't long before the images from the TV were coming out and streaming across the ceiling, whole herds of african animals seen as though (again) from a helicopter, racing across the desert (I am Australian, why I didn't see kangaroos I don't know lol).

It was while watching this that I noticed something moving out of the corner of my eye, I turned my head to my window, and through the venetians I could make out what seemed to be a glowing pink, blue and green man shaking something outside my window. I sat up and pulled up the blind to reveal a barman from the 50's shaking a cocktail shaker and grinning at me. I smiled back as he glowed and shaked and generally looked like a magic trick. I must stress in this whole time I felt completely at ease and happy, probably due to the E.

After a few hours however, I was getting tired and stressed and had realised it was the effect of the drugs, rather than just feeling like I was in a magical kingdom, and wanted it all to stop... I had hung a towel over the window, and had stopped looking at the ceiling, however all the images had moved to the inside of my eyelids where they were jumbled up and not as clear, and every now and then something horrible would pop in.... Like a skull, or my mum's face when she was sick (she had died of cancer a few months before).

It took me a few hours to get to sleep (I think it was early morning before I did) and in the morning I felt ok, tired, but otherwise ok, we all laughed about what I saw (no one else had experienced what I did... Except for bright colours, however they had all taken drugs before and I hadn't?).

Anyway, the point of all this background is I have been trying to read up on flashbacks, as this was 6-7 years ago and (apart from having my drink spiked once) I haven't touched drugs since, yet still now I can get - 'flashbacks' sometimes upon waking I can see the same things, eyes open or closed (although they are easier to see when closed or it's dark in the room)... It's like a small irregular shaped window opens up and the zebras appear again.. I've found also that I can control what I see to a degree, I can think hard about changing the image and it will (from a skull to a woman walking for example). It doesn't happen all the time but on average once a month or so? Very strange - I quite enjoy it although it worries me a little.

I took mushrooms once too, and although I 'saw' (more 'felt/saw', if that makes sense) things (my ex-husband turned into a robot when we were making love), it was completely different to these E experiences, in color and tone, and I haven't experienced any after effects.

Seriously strange. I have never taken acid.