MDMA Crash

I had a life changing experience with Molly over the summer.  I was used to just doing regular Ecstasy and came across the more pure form of MDMA, called Molly.  Before my expereince with Molly, I was always satisfied with Ecstasy expereince.  I never did more then three at a time.  Never felt the need to take more when my high was wearing off.  Still had 'good vibes' the next day, never ever crashed.  The first time I ate Molly, I did two hits.  As soon as my peak started to end, I swallowed another pill.  Luckily the rest of the ten I bought were at my house.  My freind and I stayed up for four hours that night after we stopped rolling smoking an incredible amount of pot until we were so stoned we couldn't stay awake anymore, in order to fight the down we felt.

The next day I woke up and immediately took a pill.  I ate three more that day and four the next.  Not being able the second night.  I took my first pill on the fourth day at eight in the morning and took one every hour until four in the afternoon.  I was in a different world.  Completely dillusional.  Had no idea what was going on.  Sweating my balls off, dizzy, not even aware that I was rolling, it was just a bad dream.  My younger brother, (he was 14 years old, I was 18 at the time), came home to me outside hanging over the rail, puking my guts out.  Not even saying a word to me, he call 911 and saved my life.  I was rolling for the next two days and coming down on the third after.

I lost 25 pounds in those four days and in the hospital for ten.  Ecstasy is a beautiful drug, but like a beautiful women, can be very deciving.  The longer I put of the down, the harder it will come. I have not stoped using the drug, and always crash now.  I understand now that when I do it, the next day I jsut have to suck it up and recover.  Going back to the wonderful state that Ecstasy puts me in is not the solution.  Smoke, drink, talk to close friends, lay in bed, listening to music,, I just try tounderstand that coming down is part of the Ecstasy expereince, just like death is part of life.