It was my sophmore year in highschool and I had been very interested in marijuana for a long time now. Growing up with two hippies as parents that constantly talked about smokeing kinda did it for me. It was a friday and me and some friends of mine had got together at the local pizza place. We had seen some other friends of mine going off to get some weed and they had asked me to come along. Right then I said no and went to play some pool, but about an hour later they came back with a phatty sack of weed and asked me again and I couldn't refuse.

So about half hour later we got to the place where we were going to smoke there were 5 other guys with us (one who wasn't smokeing). My friend got out his bong and gave me the first hit. I wasn't sure what to expect and took a HUGE hit. I started coaffing alot and felt a little light headed. Probly just from breathing out so fast. About four or five tokes later I started to feel very happy, which was strange cause it was a different kind of happy. It wasn't that I was amuzed with anything but the fact that everything was very warm and comforting. The person that wasn't smokeing (who I didn't like very much) suddenly became very very kool.

After me 11 and final toke we left to go to get some food. Now the walk back to the place was very long and was on an abandoned rail road track. While we were walking I started to talk about random things. I also started noticeing things alot more, like peoples body language and everytime they would talk their voices seemed to echo over and over in my mind. Sometimes it wasn't really echoing but this weird fade out that kinda sounded like a weird techno thing, can't explain it. 

For what seemed like hours we finally got back to the store and we saw that we had no money so we just went back to my friends house. When we got there his mom said that we needed to go home and gave us a ride home. On the ride home I started to play snake on my cell phone. Even though this was an old cell phone and the pixils were horrible, to me it all seemed so real. It seemed like I was controling the snake with my mind and not with the controls. After I got home, my parents were gone, so I just started eating. I must have finished eveything that was in there. And it all tasted amazing.

About an hour later one of the people who had been with me called to see if I wanted to hang out. He ran down to my house and we hung out for a little bit. Then the person that had not smoked with us came called to ask us to come over and we did. When we got there the weed had lost alot of its affects but I was still hearing stuff. We sat outside with him and his brother while his brother (who didn;t know that we were high) kept talking and talking to us. And I couldn't stop laughing because of how awsome his voice sounded. We ended up sleeping at this kids house and fell right to sleep at about 10. 

Since then I have smoked many times and am still LOVEING it. And will probly do it for long after now.