San Pedro Experiment

I had read quite a bit about San Pedro because I am interested in mind-exploration.  I finally decided to get some, and got a 30 inch long piece, about 6 inches in diameter.

I am very careful, and did not want a bad experience, although I think it is probably pretty much impossible to OD after my experience.

I removed the waxy skin, and then cut the outer, dark green layer of cactus off, into strips about the size of pieces of gum.  These were dried in a cheap jerky/dried fruit maker that I had around.  Once dry, the pieces were crushed into a fine powder.  This should result in a fairly threshold trip, just right for getting a handle on San Pedro.

T = 0:00  I mix 15 gms of the dried powder with a cup of water, it doesn't dissolve, but by drinking the water I can swallow most of the powder, no problem.  The rest takes two more cups of water to get out of the bottom, just filled the cup back up and drank it down.  Tastes horrible, but not nearly as bad as getting the slimy mess down from putting it into a blender.

T = 0:10  I feel the first effects, a gentle urging in the body for something to happen, as if it knows something is going to happen.

T = 0:30  More of the same, slight tracers, bright lights take longer to get used to, and it is annoying to watch TV, the images change too quickly to concentrate on, etc.  Very pleasant and gentle.

T = 1:00  Visual effects aside, it feels like I feel after 3 beers on a friday night after work.  Gentle intoxication, mind numbing, but not extreme, makes me more contemplative.  I wonder where the rain is coming from, even though I know it comes from clouds.  I am alone, but I can already tell it may be too disruptive/annoying to have others around.  P.S.  I just wanted to write down the time for this last recording so I could keep track of time intervals.  It took at least two minutes before I could pull out of my head where the paper was.  My mental clarity is fine though, and typing remains easy.  Wierd...

T = 2:00  I went to a friend's house, walking through woods, a short distance away.  He and I talked, which was enjoyable, it made the experience very comforting.  He tried to show me an episode of an animated series though, which was too much stimulation for my eyes.

The experience continued at this state for the next 4 hours, then slowly diminished.  Very calming, and soothing, no hallucination.

-G