Previous to this experience, I'd never done any drug except for the normal ones: pot, alcohol, cigarettes.  Nothing really dangerous.  When my neighbor M asked me if I wanted a hit of ecstasy, I hesitated for a moment, then accepted, since we'd be going to a party later that night and we were both already in the mood to dance.  The tab was light blue with a Sonic the Hedgehog face on it, which made me feel better as soon as I saw it; after all, I'd played Sonic as a kid, and he would never harm me, right?

I took the pill just before we went to the party, and didn't feel anything for about 30 to 40 minutes.  Then things kicked in pretty quick.  It was amazing!  The music just sounded incredible, and everything I saw looked like it was made of water, shimmering and twinkling, suspended in the air and just looking.... so unbelievable.  My body felt pleasently warm and shifty, and although I was definently sweating, I didn't notice.  The music was pounding and I was moving in my seat and just feeling nice, though the good feeling got weaker and weaker.  After about 30 more minutes, the motion of the water and the warmth had become quickly very unpleasent, and I felt like I had to shit my pants and puke my guts out at the same time, but I just settled for puking my guts out.  

It was especially unpleasent throwing up, as all I'd had to eat was some garlic crackers and a cup of water when I took the pill.  I was shaking and sweating and pretty much freaking out; I kept having visions of my university calling an ambulance for me and my parents finding out about the ecstasy and marijuana.  Luckily, my boyfriend was at the same party and rubbed my back and calmed me down, which also helped to halt my panicked dry-heaving.

Now, I'm on my day after, and in the time before I ate any food, my heart was racing and I felt dangerously faint and short of breath and mostly pukey.  When I woke up, I felt as though somebody'd slipped ground glass under my contacts (which I'd neglected to remove the night before, since I'd just crashed into a fitful sleep), and generally felt out of it for the whole day.  M and her boyfriend J took the same amount of the same pill that I did, and J also had an adverse reaction, but probably due to the mushrooms he had that night as well, however neither of them are having bad hangovers.

We've all heard the horror stories of Poor Jill who took one ecstasy tab and died that very night, but we never think it'll happen to us.  It's really my fault, since I thought I'd be receiving a different pill then the one that I got and didn't bother to look the new one up before I took it.  Taking pills can be extremely dangerous, and there's no really safe way to make sure that's ecstasy and not DXM or aspirin or some stupid shit without a test kit, or at least looking it up online  Even with that, I don't think I'll be trying MDMA again; it was a short euphoria with a quick and brutal come down.  I'll stick to safe, healthy ganja for now.