I never thought I could bring myself to take acid, but one day, I found my self sky-rocketed into a different world...

My friend called me and asked me if I was interested in trying 'cid.' I pondered this for awile, weighing all the positives and negatives.  I finally decided to go ahead with it, it was a new experience.  I had been smoking weed everyday for about 4 months, and was ready for a different feeling of intoxication.

12:30- My friend took me down to his house, which is across town, to get the acid.  When we arrived, he carefully grabbed a small glass jar from his freezer.  He grabbed one of the pieces of aluminum foil that were secured in the jar. He carefullly unwrapped the foil to reveal a small, cream colored piece of paper. He instructed me to place it on my tounge, and let it dissolve.

1:00- We traveled back across town to another one of my friends' house to hang out and relax.  I noticed nothing different than usual, although I had an uneasiness in my stomach probably connected to my suprise that I had actually gone through with this.

1:30- I start to feel a little different, the onset was dragging along.  I noticed quick transitions between different emotions.  I was angry about a comment my friend made, and within the next minute I couldn't figure out why it angered me.  My one friend suggested that I take one, big bong rip out of his 3 foot bong.  I agreed, knowing that this would probably jump start my trip.

1:45- I took a huge rip with no difficulty at all. I grabbed a drink to get rid of 'post bong rip syndrome,' and proceeded outside to smoke a cigarette.  Then it hit me like a brick wall, my friends were right, they told me I would know it when I began to trip.  I looked into the distance, and spectrums were shooting off of everything I saw.  I followed the spectrums up into the sky, and back down again.  As I again looked into the distance, I felt as if I were connected to everything in my visual eysight.  I looked at the grass in my friends back yard, and saw flowing patterns, which looked like gears.  I followed these gears to learn that I was able to look at anything, and visually see a connecting pattern from tree to tree, bush to bush, etc.  The warm sun felt phenominal on my arms and face, I sat down.  I felt as if gravity was punishing me, I could not lift my arms, the were heavy, my palms were sweaty, but I could not tell if they actually were, or if it was my imagination.

2:30- The normal, everyday concept of time seemed unimportant and foreign to me.  After lecturing my friends on how 'I am not slave to time,' I walked inside, and was instanty astounded at the harsh difference in climate.  I went to the bathroom, and looked at myself in the mirror, my face appeared to be sliding of, my eyes reflected every emotion I had every felt in the course of my life.  I was sweating profusly, my face went from bright red, to pale, and I decided that starting at myself while tripping could lead to bad thoughts, so I left the bathroom and engaged in video games with my friends.  I felt as if they were so easy to beat in this game, I didnt even need to try, I felt as if I was above their state of thinking, I wasnt necessarilly smarter than them, I just knew more then them.  I thought to myself 'what stoners, do I look like that when I'm stoned?'

My trip lasted , essentially, untill 12 midnight, although during the final hours I didnt feel like I was 'tripping,' however there was a distinction between my current state and everyday reality.  

Throughout my trip I saw many things, mainly patterns, colors, and distortions.  To list everything I saw would not be possible, unless I returned to that state of mind again.  My brain registered visual information differently during my trip, meaning that an analysis while sober could not conclude anything, whereas someone whos never tripped would not possibly be able to comprehend it.