 When I was growing up I always thought I would be the one person who would never try drugs. In eigth grade I was 'straight edge' The one night my cousin Shaunna was over. She is two years older than me and has tried many difftent drugs. My neighbor Tom used to grow his own weed and told me if I ever wanted to get high then I was welcome to come over. 

One night Shaunna was staying the night at my house and since it was so nice out we decided to sleep in my tent on our pool deck. At around one AM she suggested we go over to Toms and get high because she hadn't had any sine she moved down here two months ago. I agreed and we made sure my parents were asleep and jumped my fence and climbed rock stairs to Tom's house. He answered the door and knowing what we were there for led us too his back room.

I was feeling pretty nervous as I watched him pack a bowl. Shaunna told me to calm down and that I might not even feel much of anything since this was my first time. (By the way whoever came up with that dumb theory that you don't get high your first time is crazy) I took a couple of hits and I wasn't really feeling anything. Then when Shaunna went to go take her hit she put the bowl in to her mouth and tried to light the other end. I started laughing and I could not stop. I was laughing for at least a couple of minutes. I felt so happy and relaxed like nothing in the world could hurt me. 

At around four we decided to get back. This was the hard part. Like I said before we had to walk up the makeshift rock stairs and jump a fence to get back to my yard. I was behind Shaunna walking down the stairs and I tripped and we both ended up falling the rest of the way. We layed at the edge of the fence just giggling to ourselves and looking at the stars. Shaunna jumped the fence first and had no problems then it was my turn. Getting to the top wasn't bad but getting back down turned out to be a lot harder than it should have been. I ended up sitting at the top of the fence for about five minutes just laughing because it fasinated me that I could not get down.

When we finnaly got back to our tent we ate some chips and drank some Mountain Dew but everything tasted like chicken to me. (I have never had that feeling again) After our snack we just layed and after about fifteen minutes of talking about nothing we fell asleep.

Ever since then I have been an avid pot smoker. I am lucky I had a good first experiance with pot because I know a lot of people who didn't.