Well I want to start off with that I took X for the first time last decembet about 5 months ago.  I used to be an anti-drug person until about a year ago when I tried pot for the first time and I fell in love with it and now I am a full time smoker. I have my fun with aderall, X, alachol, shrooms, DXM, DMT and nitrous. Considering I'm 17 I know that I'm not going to be doing near as many drugs when I'm older so I figure have my fun, now with the story.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

I was with my good friend, lets call him T, him and I back in december used to deal weed full time, he was a year youger than I but had more expierence with drugs than I at the time. I had become very curious to X since everyone that had tried it said it was awsome, and everyone that hasent done it totally hates it. So one night over winter break my friend gave me his E hook so I called the guy up and had to meet him at 7-11 in 45 minutes. I was with my friend, we will call him Z, and he knows a lot about X so he told me to relax and not eat so I didnt. I went up to pick up the pill for 20 around 11:30 and my friend T called me, he wanted a pill, so now him and I were going to roll at my house.  I got the pills, purple gators, and I took mine at 11:45 while on the way to T's house to pick him up, I got to his house and he took the pill aroun 12:15.  I droped off Z, it was T and I for the rest of the night.....

We walk into my house around 12:30, my parents were asleep upstairs so T and I go to the basement, which is sound proof, thank god. I was expecting to come up shortly but nothing came, 1 o'clock came around and still nothing, I was very dissappointed so T rolled a couple of j's and I smoked that, thats when it started. Around 1:15 I felt a strong surge of energy rush through my partially tired body.  Withen 5 mintutes I was rushing.....VERY HARD. I was so blown away by how I felt and I was in the most comforting state, even tho 2 floors above us my parents were sleeping.  I immidetly plugged in my boom box and the jams started.  

T was starting to come up around 1:30 and he weighs about 140.  As I was rushing he was just talking to me and kept reassuring me that things were fine, as I kinda got scared about my parents for a mintute. Since T and I had all the weed we wanted we rolled a few more j's and smoked lots of ciggies. At 1 point when I was rushing I went in front of the fireplace and did a snow angle on carpet, how awsome. All I felt was purebliss and I couldent stop talking, dancing, and having FUN.  We talked about everything, and everytime I was about to speak I felt incredible, I wanted eveyone to feel the way I did.  I learned a lot of things about T and myself.

But like all good things, it had to end. I took T home around 5:30 in the morning, he was still rolling pretty hard while I had come down a lot. I went home and cleaned up the basement and went upstairs around 6. I still to this day havent ever crashed, just feel kinda burnt out the next day, except when I take 2 pills, I just dont feel all there for a few days. Now I take 5-HTP every day and that takes care of things.

To this day I'm not friends with T anymore because I stopped dealing so we went our seperate ways but I will never forget the time I rolled with him.  Overall, I have become a different person because of rolling.  I am nicer to other, I dont strive to be the best in things, I just go with the flow getting through school, knowing that I wont be able to do this in 20 years. But hey what more can you ask for with 20 dollars  

