I am a 21 year old female with very little drug experience. I've smoked pot and hash for 5 years now, and just recently started introducing Shrooms and Acid. This experience is about the second time I had acid, the first time was really not so intense or worth documenting on here, and the second is still fresh in my memory.

The evening began with the intentions to do shrooms and go to an all night drive in with one of my best friends K. K had called her dealer and realized he could only get LSD, so I we decided to get it anyway and see where it took us. We bought 2 hits of Acid and went back to her house with some pot, the film Waking Life, and my paints and canvases. We couldn't make it to the movie so we were having a night in. I took half of my hit at 9:30 and listened to some music, waiting for our other friend to show up. He had a car and was not on anything and wanted to go in to the city to get fast food. We listened to music and waiting for our friend S to show up. It was 10:30 when I took the other hit, and just kind of forgot about it as we went for the drive in to BK.

Like the first time on Acid, everything was positive up until this point. We were laughing about everything and I remember having such a warm fuzzy feeling all over. My face actually hurt from smiling so much. I did start to come down slightly when our friend dropped us off, as we realized it was 1am and we were alone on Acid in her room. We had paints and the movie to distract us. For about 2 hours we played around with the paint and watched the film which was mind blowing, I've seen it many times but never on Acid. 

The reason I am actually writing this experience comes down to the point where my friend fell asleep and I was left there to fall asleep. It was 3am and I was probably at my peak. I tend to worry a lot and have been on meds previously  (I went off paxil 2 years ago) for depression and anxiety. I am a lesbian and have not come out to my parents so I lots of emotional baggage, which I was quite aware could end in a disaster for my trip. The exact opposite of a disaster is what I experienced. I rehearsed what I was going to tell my parents, I worked out problems with my love life, I consoled myself and actually formed some self esteem. I felt like I was someone else viewing my life and reassessing it, I realized that so many problems I thought were so bad actually were quite fixable and small. I cried, I even threw up and saw eyes in my puke. The visuals I had were amazing, I stayed and layed in my friends spare bed from 3am to 9am when a repair man came to fix her water tank, where I fell asleep to the sound of him banging away at metal. I didn't want to fall asleep knowing he was going to show up early, but as soon as he did I was actually soothed by the loud noises. My friend woke up at 11am and had an intense headache which lasted far in to the evening. I think it probably had to do with the fact that she didn't have the brain activity that I did, I'm sure if my brain tried to sleep as it was so fucked up I would have had  a headache too.

I know I will only take half next time I do it, as the visual and nausea was not very pleasureable. I did like the therapeautic affect the LSD had on my mind, It really helped me throught my problems. I know that it is dangerous to use drugs when mentally unstable but sometimes it helps you see your life in a different perspective.