Most of my hallucinogenic experiences have been deeply spiritual, with to exception to this one.  I have always felt like an american indian on a quest to meet the ultimate, even though I am of Irish decent.  I am remembering this experience from 10 years ago +/-.  As we came into view of the large rock that protrudes from the earth, known as table rock state park on the border of north and south carolina the lsd was starting to take the initial effects.  The face of the rock has large cellestial patterns on the face of it; one of a triangle that seemed faintly familiar and the other of a bear.  How did these images get there?  I was with 2 friends and they saw it too; remember this was only 1 hour in the trip.

We parked the car and decided to camp on the top of the mountain.  We went straight up the side without following a trail.  We smoked a some weed and climbed.  We were in a mad rush when I uncovered a nest of very large wolf spiders, CRAAAZY which let out a high pitched scream that I heard the rest of the night.  We reached the top before sunset.  I saw a sugar maple tree in full red fall color, incredable.  It was glowing flourescent yellow at the thickest part of the trunk.  I wanted to drink its sap.  I charged the tree and stabbed my knife in the center of the essence.  Consequently I got no sap and had to break the tip off my knife to get it out.

Several hours into the trip the sun went down.  I was feeling like a god.  I was becoming one with the ultimate.  I started striking a tree with a large sapling, like a giant drum.  Every time I hit the tree a sound would blast in all directions on the valley a thousand+ feet beneath us and reverberate off the adjacent mountains in an echo.  As the echo would hit me I would strike the tree again in rhythmic fashion- ddduuuppp-ddduuup-bububbup and on to infinity.  I felt like all in the universe could hear this, like a calling that 'here I am'.  The next part gets foggy.  Shortly/sometime later we hear a sound that sounds like a hilicoper.  It shines its light down on us like the alien abduction movies.  The craft is just above treeline and we feel some turbulence.  The machine leaves after a quick inspection.  I next tried to start a fire by smashing rocks together to no avail but some sparks.  I didnt sleep any that night because every time I tried to lay my head down I could hear the screaming wolf spiders.  I had a funky dream half awake near sunrise.  I drempt I opened the door of a teepee to see the devil with slick red/black muscular skin talking to my brother.  On the way down the hill I jumped in cold creek water, very refreshing, like babtism.  It turns out we never climbed table rock but the hill next to it.  We could still make out the rock images on the table rock we saw earlier.  I asked my buddies if they saw the craft too.  One said he saw the craft speed off in a blip?  It sounded like a hilicopter to me, maybe a government craft.  This is what happens when you rip open the envelope-we rouse the attention of those monitoring.  Peace and happy sailing.