My friends and I divided up a few bags of dried shrooms and put them inside sandwiches.  I remember hearing that they were supposed to taste horrible, but I couldn't taste anything but mayo and turkey.  It took about an hour before the onset of the effects.  Things started to look a bit more vibrant in color and I started to feel a little weirder than usual.  I asked my friends if paranoia was a side effect, but they assured me it was just in my head and would soon pass once the trip really kicked in.  I tried taking my mind off of the growing stress with video games and by talking to people, but I couldn't do it.

I heard that the usual amount taken is close to 5 or 6 grams, so I figured halfing that would be fine because things don't usually hit me that hard..  But that half-dose mushrooms kicked my ass.

Eventually I was gagging, running to the bathroom as everyone yelled not to throw up.  This only made it worse because I felt like I was being controlled.  All I wanted to do was throw up and end the trip, but I could only gag.  I tried to take matters into my own hands by putting a couple fingers down my throat, but there was nothing to throw up.  I hadn't eaten lunch or dinner, hadn't had much more than a bottle of water to drink, and the small piece of turkey/bread was probably already dygested.

I laid on the bathroom floor as the trip swung into full effect.    I heard that the nausea usually passes, but mine never did.  When I came out of the bathroom, the walls were changing colors and breathing, people eyes were bugging out of their heads, the floor was swirling and moving, and faces surrounded me when I closed my eyes... It was intense.  I couldn't understand what anyone was saying, but they sounded mad or like they were ordering me what to do (in reality, they were probably only trying to calm me down.)

I felt like I was going to cry and I just wanted to be alone or with my girlfriend.  I had no reason to be sad, but I was more sad than I had ever been in my life and didn't know why.  I locked myself in the bathroom for the next 2 or 3 hours, back on the floor.  My mind was racing so fast and I couldn't understand any of it.  I was hearing voices and all kinds of weird noises and I felt scared.  I was convinced that I was dying.  I yelled out of the bathroom 'Call a doctor!  Call a doctor!', but no one answered.

I couldn't move at all.  Not even 2 feet to grab the bottle of water next to me (even if I grabbed it, I couldn't have worked my arm enough to drink from it.)  Time disappeared, and I wasn't sure if I had been tripping for hours, days, or forever.  There was hair in the toilet and I thought my hair was falling out or that I had pulled it out.  There was even a few times when I thought I was bleeding only to find that the blood disappeared if I looked at it long enough.  I wasn't sure if I was throwing up, had already thrown up, or was dead from choking on my throw up, but I could definitely smell and taste it.  I was terrified.

At this point I kept saying things over and over because I couldn't remember that I had already said them.  I could remember a few words from the english language like 'HELP' and 'TAKE CONTROL,' and a face or two, but that was about it.  I couldn't even keep my eyes open or closed.  Almost complete paralysis.

The come down was in waves of about 5 minutes of feeling happy and laughing uncontrollably, then unbelievably sad for the next 10.  They lasted for a few hours until I was able to walk up the stairs and sleep it off.

The details listed above are the only things I really remember about it, so feel free to add to it whatever variations of hell you can imagine.. Then imagine that worse.

I had a headache and flashbacks for the following two days.  It'll probably be a few years before I even take a sip of alcohol again.  I'm just so thankful for reality and some kind of chemical balance in my brain.