##EROWID_NOTE:IMPURE_MDMA##

First of all, I'm from Holland, 18 years old and you could call me a typical Dutch kid: the first time I smoked weed was at 12 years old and I didn't stop ever since. I knew, in the future, I was going to use drugs and when I was fifteen, after some online research, somewhere in june I had my first mushroom trip and it was great. We had dried shrooms(can't remember what kind)and I took about 5 medium sized ones. Since then I used mushrooms every one, one and a half month in summer and once every three months in winter(something like that). 

At the end of july I had my first XTC experience. Me and my ex-girlfriend both took one green 2000 tab wich I stole from my mother. I still think they had some MDA in it because I had some pretty funny visuals: I stood half naked in front of a mirror and while looking at my muscles I saw myself turning into a H-man type of character, wich was really surprising. The pattern on my girlfriends shirt changed and at some point we looked at eachother and we both saw sunglasses on our heads. Also the whole night it seemed as if the room was smaller(or I was bigger). The year after that we did it nearly every month but in a more easy way: never more than half a pill at a time and we just sat at home talking about our problems, analyzing and trying to solve them. The next one and half year I worked as a cook(40-50 hours a week) so we couldn't party to much. 

Then we broke up and since I used to live with her I suddenly was free to do what I wanted, and being without a job, that's what I did. I started doing pills every two weeks, sometimes with friends but to many times alone. And then new years eve came....
I was at a party in one of my best friends(I'll call him E) house and I had 3 pills with me, another guy had 2 and we shared them with four other guys. It was the first time for three of them and we had the best night ever. My parents gave a teKno(lotta noise) party wich ended at six o'clock in the morning, aftering at my parents house and we were all(me, my mother, stephdad and friends) fucked up. And it was great!

We did nothing up to two monts after new year, and then we started the fun times wich started with the experience I want to share with y'all. 

It was friday and we decided to have a party. There was a new phone number(...) so we called it and made an appointment 1 hour later. I gave the guy 20 euros and I expected to get about 8 or 10 tabs(normal price here) but after we meeted I looked in the bag and we got 20 tabs!!!! It were very large white ferrari horses and, as I was told, they were 110mg MDMA. Trying to be responsible we all took one half to start with. But after half an hour we took another half and than a whole one, an hour later. We were in the centre at a bar and we had a very good time. We left before closing time and we just started walking trough our town, smoking a lot of weed(a standard when were fucked up), running around doing all kinds of crazy shit.
I can't really remember the next two hours but my friends all went home at about four o' clock. I invited E to my home to smoke some more and to let the easy's wear of.  

My parent's house is great when your fucked up: there are 3000 cd's from aphex twin to buena vista social club, from the Wu to Bob Marley, there's a fire place with a matrass in front of it and I am allowed to smoke weed inside. The last pill we dropped was at two and we were still high as ever. So naturally(...) we took another half, rolled a joint, aphex twin in the cd player and kicked back on the matrass in the centre of the living room(we didn't lit the fire place) and just started talking. This was really difficult because every 10 minutes we forgot what we were talking about. I had really clear visuals like red stripes on a cd cover wich I looked at for a minute and after looking again disapeared. Also the ceiling had a zebra type of pattern wich was very similair to what the pattern on my exes shirt looked like. So now my question is: who's had green 2000 tabs or white ferrari's and what was in them?!  Could be a combo between MDA and MDMA or maybe it possible to get visuals from just MDMA. 

Thanx for reading, hope you liked it.