My girlfried was drinking heavily,  and all bumbed out.  She then called her old boyfriend over so that we could trip out.  I had 600 mg of Mescaline,  and I split it between the three of us:  Darla,  John,  and Mark (me).

Upon taking it,  there are really two stories to tell.  One story is how the drug felt to me,  and the other is what me and the others did.

What it felt to me:
I felt a slight nausea, and went outside several times to vomit,  but nothing ever came out.  So I went back in.  Then at one point,  I saw the stars.  The sky was like a purple tapastry of colors with stars sewn in.  It was amazing,  and was unchanging-- every time I looked up,  I saw the same tapastry.  It was the most awe inspiring view of my life.

Later on,  I got a glimpse of myself in the mirror - twice.  Each time,  I saw my face,  beaming back at me,  beautiful and happy.

At the peak,  I was not seeing the world,  but symbols,  I saw the clock,  the chair,  these were the entities of the world,  and were abstracted from an environment.  Time slowed way down. I was worried that it would stop.  I watched the clock for a long time,  and waited until the minute hand moved 5 minutes before accepting that time was flowing again.

John became very angry and mad at the end,  which caused me to ask him to leave,  something I did not really want to do.  Then the morning came,  and I went off,  feeling kinda funky,  but pretty near baseline.

What really happened.
We were all loud as hell,  screaming out lungs off,  and acting truely crazy.  Every time I went outside to Puke,  Darla would start screaming and so would John,  it sounded like there were deamons tearing their souls apart.  Then when I came back,  they would be cool.  Darla took her clothes off and tried to climb on the back of a chair.  The chair fell down,  and Darla hit her head.  I was worried about a possible concussion,  but she turned out fine.  John turned out to be a bisexual,  and kept saying 'Mark,  I know your not gay,  but if you like,  I could suck your cock!',  which wasent the best way to help me.  Darla,  who was a user of methamphetamine,  would say 'Mark,  you don't understand,  the Crystal!  Its beautiful,  the Crystal!'.  I went around and said 'You gotta look in the mirror Man!'  And John eventually replied 'Oh Mark,  thats your own damn trip.'   Darla was peeing alot,  and so I kept taking her to the bathroom saying you got to use the bathroom,  and she said 'I don't wanna! I don't wanna!''.  Then she asked for her little dog,  so I went upstairs and got it and brought it back down,  they were screaming again like no one would believe!.  Once back,  Darla looked at the wood floor and said 'OH NOOOOOOO This is the cement this is my life,  oh noooooooo!'  I would look at Darla,  and see a beautiful exploring soul,  then she would let out a 'haaaaagg!' and would turn into a ugly woman,  then back and forth.  We were screaming all the time and acting like complete idiots.  I said at one point 'You gotta go out and look at the staaaarrrrs  man!'  and nobody did.

All in all,  the Mescaline experience was the most mystical experience I ever had,  but at the same time,  it was one where myself,  and all others,  acted completely crazy.

Looking back,  I see the impact that it had on my life.  And I also see the antics that we did as completely hilarious!