Just wanted to contribute my non-psychedelic experience to counteract the file-drawer effect that we online users face;

I bought a pot containing four 12-24 inch san pedro cacti from a large hardware store (HD), having heard that they were available, and that others had has success with them. We brought them home, asked the plants for permission (we took their silence as license to chop), despined them, peeled the waxy outer layer, and shaved off the outer 1/2 inch (or so) of green flesh. Then we blended the flesh and pressed it through an old t-shirt. The t-shirt filtering was the most fun part - if I pour it in and then twist the top, the liquid goops out different spots in a fairly pleasing way. All in all it was a lot of work, but rather sucessful in making a semi-drinkable liquid. We put it in the fridge for consumption the next day.

The next day at around 12:00 we drank it. I was really excited, having anticipated this trip for a long time. I have little experience with psychedelics of any kind (something I was trying to rectify). The drinking took me about 40 minutes for me (I gagged almost every sip), though the two other friends downed their glasses like champs. One of my friends puked his up after only 20 minutes, and the other after about 40. Surprisingly, for being the most nauseated while drinking, I kept mine down for almost an hour and a half. We waited and waited (playing a rather competitive game of scrabble), but I felt little other than disgustingly nauseated (even after the puke). The friend that kept his down was the only one to report feeling much - what he described as coming down from a mushroom experience. The only effect (it may have had) was that the light in the room seemed to be flickering, and that the texture of of the scrabble pieces seemed especially beautiful (but they really are - deluxe edition).

The next day my stomach hurt a little. And so it goes. Because of the nausea, I would not attempt this again unless someone could verify the potency of the cactus.