Morning After Mescaline

I had obtained two 510mg gel caps with a very light yellowish orange crystal substance which I was told to be mescaline.  At 1900 one was ingested.  Friends d and k were along for the ride.  They had found something new called aura(sp?).  They had no idea what it was, and I still don't.  I am 24, and consider myself experienced in this field, though always learning.

We had all went out for a walk in the park.  I still wasn't feeling anything, while they were very happy.  After one hour in the park I left the group to rest at home.  I was tired from a day of putting up a wall and doing other various yard work, but still nothing from the mescaline. They returned about 24 minutes later, at which time we went downstairs to watch visuals. About 10 minutes into it I became disorientated (which I expected) and went upstairs to rest. I then became very ill and knew I must induce reverse peristalsis. After that the world grew bright with color. My senses were overloaded. I was in a constant struggle with my emotions and my understanding of life and who was going to get me.  I knew I had done too much and was in for a very powerful ride.  I was upstairs in my room in agony.  Struggling with how to get comfortable, and the overwhelming flow of information.   My friends had no idea what was going on, and sadly didn't care.  At different times in the night I would attempt the walk downstairs and enjoy their company I had so wanted, but alas I would become ill from the amount of visual stimuli.  It was now 2200, D and K came upstairs to let me know they were leaving to get some food.  I couldn't come.  As much as I wanted to there was no way I could leave the house.  I didn't want to be alone.  I felt I couldn't be alone.  I didn't feel it was safe and I needed to know someone was close by.  Two of my best friends left me alone.  This brought my world crumbling.  The first 10 minutes or so I was paranoid.  Looking out the window every twenty seconds, calling them, bedroom, living room, nothing worked.  The whole time I was jumping in and out of a world all too familiar, and painful.

I felt as though my head was going to implode (note I could tell it was not going to explode, go figure).  I had a slight amount of energy, but didn't know how to use it.  I know for a moment my body was actually boiling.  ALL light was horrifying.  I struggled for hours with the small LED on my television.  I was having amazing closed eye visuals, but couldn't enjoy them because  of the excruciating pain my body was in.  There were moments in time when I would remember why I took this, but for the most part I was not having fun.  I was in control but I would feel myself drifting into another world which I could do nothing about.  I would see images...visuals of things in my memory.  As if my mind we being infected before my eyes, I would see the once benign visuals turn into huge wasps, devilish bunnies, people dying.  I was still at the point which I knew I could stop this whenever I wanted, but it was borderline.  I gave in.  I ran upstairs and ingested 10mg of diazepam to calm me.  I waited.  After 40 minutes I felt very little from the diazepam.  I was still in pain.  I searched the web (as best I could) for ways to come down gracefully from this mysterious monster.  Giving up quickly I decided to take 10mg zolpidem tartrate.  I felt as though I had given it my all, but couldn't last much longer.  I retreated to bed getting more and more horny, which I had been all night, but was slowly becoming more apparent.  After some time I fell asleep.  Because of the ambien I have no recollections of the last hour before sleep or my dreams.    I will take the other pill in two fold next time.  

The next morning:

I'm glowing, tired, hungry, educated, but also sad. My so-called friends were disgusted with me. I was not around them last night. I left them alone so they would not have to deal with my unclear emotions, but when I asked them to just stay around the house, eat whatever you like at my place...they still left me in the dark.  

I apologize for the state which this is written.  Though this is fresh in my head, I am still recovering from a very long night.