First of all... Sorry my english!

Yesterday (22 july) me and two friends of mine ate mexican shrooms. I started with 2,5g since it was my first time, and the other started with 5 gram. It didnt take many minutes until I started to feel a little weird. I smiled alot, and laughed a little.

I waited 85 minutes, then ate 2 grams more. And then things started to get really weird! And I noticed all the feelings in my body. And in the same way I didnt feel that I even had a body. I started to dance, and laughed. Then suddenly I lay down, and felt I went on a journey. I just listened to the music and travelled far away while I was looking at a pretty weird ceiling. Screaming faces, waves, It all started to get... 'wow this is too much' So I thought maybe it would help if I stand up. But then I noticed that it wasnt only the ceiling that was weird, everything was weird! My hands were longer and thinner, and I couldnt understand which angle the room was in. I couldnt understand where I was. Kinda scary, but I liked it. And the faces on my friends were getting bigger. Sometimes I even felt like I had two personalities. Like the good Gollum and the Bad Gollum in The Lord of the rings.
 
After a while I could 'handle' it. It wasnt that scary anymore and then I was just sitting and holding hands with one of my friends. I felt I could feel what he felt. Skin and veins was so fascinating. Everything was beautiful! Then suddenly my other friend started to have a bad trip. So then I got serious, and all I could think about was to get my friend up from hell and try to make him happy again. But I couldnt do it. I felt what he felt...and it was too much for me, I started almost on a bad trip myself so I just had to get away and relax. So my other friend could 'fix' this. 

One more thing I remember is that since I was the only girl there, I felt very housewife/mother-ish. I felt like I had to take care of these boys...My friends. Like they were my kids.
When I think back I think I had a great time..
It was extreme! But I will definitely try it again..