This summer I was on a road trip with some friends to Amsterdam, smoking large quantities of high-grade hash and pot, generally having a good time. The past four-five years of my life had been pretty hazy, as I had had some angst problems and generally just experienced a lot of 'weird' mindstates, but I had managed to change my life around a bit; started working out, going to school, etc. I've always been into philosophy and spirituality and that kind of thing, but I'd never really tried to trip on anything as I was afraid maybe I could not handle it (I'd had some pretty intense experiences just smoking pot in my younger days). However lately I've developed an attitude to not fear what I don't understand about the universe, existence and whatnot, so when my friend D asked me if I wanted to try shrooms I thought why not; as long as there is some sense of rationality in my brain it can't be that bad. I guess it's worth mentioning that neither D or myself had tried shrooms (or any other kind of drug except alcohol, hash and pot) before.

We chopped the shrooms up (total of 30 grams fresh), split it between ourselves, mixed it with yoghurt, ate it (it didn't taste too bad) and went to the beach. After about an hour we could feel the initial effects, and I noticed some patterns surrounding a bird in the air above me. At around two hours after ingestion we were both feeling pretty intoxicated, but we decided that this was far from unmanageable so we smoked some black hash to see how this would affect the trip.

This made everything a bit more intense, but I just layed back on my towel, closed my eyes and thought to myself that I was simply a being in a universe I didn't understand, and calm about it. As simple as that. This simple 'idea' brought on an intensely euphoric sensation that I layed there enjoying to myself for awhile. I stayed calm through the trip from then on, exploring this newfound headspace. Continuous smokage of pot and hash throughout the day kept the trip alive in a way, but it had faded by the next morning (however I still felt great). Definitely a great experience that I would like to repeat some day, perhaps in a larger dose or with a different strain of mushroom, or perhaps some sort of cacti.