Mushrooooms

From the beginning of the night: Me and my 6 of my friends (Jake, Johnny , Tav, Dreav, Brett and Sutton, all 15 years old except for Brett and Tav who were 16) had plans to all take mushrooms and chill at dreav's house for the night. I worked at Burger King, and had begged my supervisor, who is also a friend of mine, to let me off at 8:00 pm. She said I could so I popped my shrooms as soon as I changed out of my uniform. I hadn't eaten anything all day so within 15 minutes I could already feel that tingly feeling in your stomach you get when your body starts digesting the drugs. I waited for about 20 minutes after my shift, and my friends still hadn't come to get me like they said they would. I started to get kind of pissed, but they showed up at around 8:40 so we were on our way. Jake, Dreav, and Tav were already having a good trip and mine had just started to turn into a real mushroom trip. Jake was talking lots about his trip; it was goin really strong and he was having some good visuals. Johnny was havin a good time and only said 'I hope we don't get jumped.' Walking to Dreav's could be dangerous at night, since we had to walk through a part of town known for drunk, volatile indians. But we got there alright and sat in Dreav's room in the basement. It had pretty good chairs and stuff, a big soft armchair, a couch and a bed. I sat on the couch, and everyone else went to other places to sit. (I'm not gonna describe where they were sitting cuz who cares)

   We were looking around, trying to find something to do. ('San Andreas?'  'Nah, we played that too much already.'  'Need for Speed?'  'Fuck no!')  So Dreav popped in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (Johnny Depp, Benecio del Toro). I hadn't heard anything about the movie, besides that it was good from what my friends told me before it started. By this time, the mushrooms were goin good and I knew I would have a good time. 

  After watching Fear and Loathing a few times after this trip, I know it's meant to be a funny movie. But when I was on mushrooms, I felt like those guys' trip outs were fantastically real-looking. I started to zone out on the movie, my whole concentration on the TV screen. Johnny Depp's voice is fucking funny in that movie, I was trippin out on that pretty good. Everything he said I laughed at it, and when they started on the drugs I got really tense and kind of nervous, as if I was going to be on the drugs too. I was like a mixed feeling of anxiousness ( or however you spell that word) and happiness When they took the either. From the descriptions Johnny Depp was giving of the drug as they started trippin, I started laughing really hard. I looked around the room. Everyone's eyes were really big and everyone was smiling and laughing. I was having a good time in the company of my friends. After the movie ended and my trip was still goin strong, I sat on the bed next to Johnny and took out my pipe. His shrooms didn't even work that whole time so I started packin him bowls of weed. Before long he had smoked about 9 bowls to himself and was pretty stoned. We got the urge so we passed around 2 bongs, a few joints and a pipe till we were all ripped. After we put all the shit away we pulled some lungers but no one was really feeling the weed through the shrooms. It was fun to just be sitting there smokin weed even tho the stone never came. I had to go home at 1am so I went. After not having a smoke for a few hours, I sat down and lit one up by the patio door. I turned on Family Guy and watched it as my trip slowly faded away back to reality.

  Not a phenominal trip, but I have nothing better to do right now and thats the only experience I can fully remember.