Mary Jane Trip

Today is August 21, 2005. This occured august 19 and 20, of this year.

At roughly 6:30 on the 19th, my friend Kevin and I smoked a couple bowls, about 7 or 8 hits each, before attending a Doors tribute concert. We were substantially high, considering the amount we had smoked, and the feeling lasted halfway through the concert, but not through the warm up bands. We wanted to smoke the rest, but I had to go home, so at 1:30 on August 20, I snuck out of the house, with the remaining weed and a lighter, and set off for our friend jeff's house, where we would be smoking. Kevin met me halfway, and we arrived at his house at roughly 2 o'clock. 

The setting now was jeff's back yard, under some sort of awning. There was a little bench with a cushion, a plastic chair, and a patio table with a couple candles on it. Kevin and I sat on the bench, and jeff sat int he chair. One candle was lit, and sitting inside the other one.

I had read online about people hallucinating with just weed, but I never thought I would smoke enough pot to experience it. I've never done acid, or mushrooms, or any other hallucinogen before, so I wasn't exactly ready for what would happen.

Kevin and Jeff were already relatively high, having smoked a bowl Jeff bought off of me earlier at the concert. We proceded to make three pop-can pipes and smoked our own bowls out of them. 

At about 2:30, we had finished smoking and we were basking in the feeling when Jeff said something funny that I didn't hear. Kevin started laughing, which made me laugh, then Jeff started laughing through his nose, if that makes sense. Then he started snorting, not unlike pig, which weirded kevin and me out a little. After a few minutes of silence, Jeff stood up and made the snorting sounds again, but this time he stood up and raised his arms, leaning towards us.

To me, Jeff took on the appearance of some kind of pig-demon. I was so afraid of him. He didn't just look like one, it was as though he transformed into some evil big thing. Later Kevin said that Jeff looked to him like a lion. Either way, we were both pretty scared.

From then until 3:15, when I left, everything seemed scary. There were two dark green plastic chairs a little ways away, and the way they were facing made them look like some kind of creature in the dim light, and other things were just a frightening. Kevin and I left Jeff's place at 3:15, and we walked down the street to Kevin's, where he left me. I had to walk about 10 blocks, in the semi-cold, tripping, at 3 in the morning, alone. I saw things in the trees, on porches, in empty yards, on tire swings, everywhere. There was too much for me to remember all of it, but somehow I made it all the way home. I was so tired that I slept for 13 hours afterward.

I don't know if any of this is any help, but I thought I should tell everyone that pot can make a person trip. I'm usually a skeptic about drugs, and at first I didn't believe I would ever trip from weed. I've never tripped before, so having a bad trip for my first time was pretty lame, but I hope it happens again.