After a heavy nite on the booze friday, I woke up saturday about 2PM to read the messages on my phone from my mates who had been up in the city all nite, and wanted me to come round and party. The last message I read was, 'Hurry now dude. Crazy DMT action.' Instantly I jumped out of bed, looked out the windiow and the sun was shining the best I have seen for months. Once my I arrived at my mates house, I was jumped by about 10 of my mates who had just finished the DMT trip, all saying 'man, u have to do it'. Ofcoarse I agreed and my mate grabs my arm and says 'step into my office macca'. We moved all of the coaches from inside to outside in his open grassy backyard. It was time. They packed the cone full of DMT and I say there waiting for no wind to light it. I was instructed to sit ont he grass and take in the whole cone at once and leave no ghosties. I did this.

Before I could I put the bong down (my mates had to take it off me) I was sucked to the ground, the leaves on the trees above me started to spin around. Then the trees started to grow very rapidly, and they were in about 10 seconds covering most of the yard. Voices then became some sought of obscure alien language, which was some how understood completly. The air was turning into smoke. I could see the air. My body in an unresponsless state fealt like I was on fire. My blood pressure was increased drematically. Trying to come to terms with what was happening (which was a mistake. If I try to understand a drug like this, it will just turn evil) my mate then runs infront of me and into my field of view with my growing and spiriling trees and grass. She left a trail of her body from one side of the backyard to the other. A 10 metre visual trail. This was intense. I then closed my eyes. I was pulled out of my body completely, and was in what was like another dimension, seening nothing but black, with crazy streaks of light. It was like I was in a tunnel or cable of information, and bits of info were flying past me. This scared me alot, I thought I was dead. I opened my eyes through fear. After what had fealt like 45-60 minutes (the trip only really lasts for 10 minutes), I was starting to come back to reality, voices were english again, and visuals were still happening, juust not as rapidly and severe. Once I realise it was over, I was in pure peace and bliss, it fealt like I was one with the earth. For about 5 minutes I just sat there and enjoyed this ultimate bliss feeling and started to re-piece my head. Once this was done (about 20 minutes after I had induced the drug) I looked over at my mates who were keeping an eye on me, and I just said 2 words 'fucking hell'. I then jumped up and everything was normal, except all the people who had done it that day before me (about 12 people) had some sought of connection, it is impossible to explain this without sounding stupid. After about an hour of just standing around talking and lying in the grass in the sun, the drug had completely left my system.

This is as much as I can remember from my trip. Nothing will ever prepare anyone for a trip like this, EVER! It's really inexplainable, I tried my best.