During the Winter of 2005 I came across some good quality LSD.  I had only tripped on the substance twice before, but I am very experienced with other hallucinogens.  LSD is tough to come by in Northern Virginia where I live, at least with the few connections I have.  So I purchased 8 hits and took 2 the weekend before to test it out.  I tripped a little bit and got a lot of morphing and coloration changes, but no visuals, leaving me a little disappointed.  The LSD was relatively cheap so I had planned to go into school to take a test and then go home sick right after and chomp down all six of my remaining tabs.
I woke up excited next morning, eager to begin my trip.  It had just begun to sprinkle snowflakes on this beautiful Virginian morning.  I arrived to take my test at 8:00 AM sharp.  I brought the LSD with me and had decided that I wanted to be tripping when I got back home, so 15 minutes into my 45 minute examination, I ate my tabs.

T 0:00 - At precisely 8:15 AM, I ate all six tabs, then hurried to finish my test.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

T 0:30 - By the time I finished my test I was coming up strong.  I handed in my test, and scurried out of school.  It was strange leaving, the patterns on the floor began morphing.  I decided to walk into the bathroom to check myself and take a piss before hitting the road.  My pupils were very dilated and I had the appearance of someone high on drugs.  It was still snowing when I got out to my car, so I hopped in, popped some good tunes in my CD player, I think it was United States of America, good stuff, and proceeded to make the 30 minute drive home.

T 0:45-1:30 - The snow has lightly dusted the grounds on the highway that I travel on and the wind is blowing the snow around, giving the road the appearance as though the ground was moving.  Also, I would like to clear one thing up.  The trees are covered with snow, which reminded me of Narnia.  I felt blissful and tranquil, eager to get home and rip out my bong.

T 1:30-2:30 - I arrive at my house and greet my dog, a shaggy, black-haired dog who is always around me.  He has smoked with me on a lot of occasions and I believe he enjoys the habit.  Whenever I arrive home from school, I always take him outside and rip a bowl before my mom gets home.  He sits right beside me and looks up at me, eager to get a shotgun.  It is now snowing very hard, and I look outside to see that my car is completely covered, so I decide to take my bong out and box it up.  My dog is terrified of the snow, so he wouldn't come along.  I enter my car and put in some Grateful Dead to back my trip.  I proceed to smoke at least an eighth of pot, and by the time I exit my vehicle I am tripping exceedingly well.  I decide that it's such a nice day, so I should go for a walk.  I grab my iPod and go walk around my neighborhood, which is a truly gorgeous piece of land, with tall trees, nice houses, and woods surrounding it.  I walk around for about thirty minutes but decide to go back inside cause I was cold.

T 2:30-3:30 - There is a hill beside my house that is pretty steep that has since been developed on, but ever winter my brother and I make a ramp at the top of it and jumps at the bottom.  The ramp is solely used to collect speed.  I grab my snowboard and go out and mess around for a little while, though I am physically inept at this point and can't land a thing.  I walk back inside and make a few cocktails and watch a movie, the Doors.

T 3:30-5:30 - I'm still tripping delighfully hard.  My own trip experience completely correlated with the movie, which I only realized until after the movie.  I'll admit it, I am an alcoholic, so I found many parallels between me and Oliver Stone's inaccurate portrayal of Jim Morrison.  I was tripping almost at my peak when the band goes out into the desert to do acid.  As I am making more and more drinks and getting a little drunk, Morrison breaks away from his band and starts doing cocaine and drinking to excess, just as I am now doing.  By the end of the movie I'm still tripping, but not nearly as hard as before.

T 5:30-7:00 - I go to smoke a few more bowls to try and get back up.  It works surprisingly well.  I decide to make a fire cause it was getting chilly in my humble abode.  As I look into the fire, I see tremendous colors, brilliant and vibrant colors, colors that I didn't know existed.  The flame turns solid gold and I am absolutely enthralled by the whole experience.  I watch a little while longer then retreat to my room to play guitar.

T 7:00-12:00 - My trip comes to a close in these hours.  All in all it was a great experience, that lead to the creation of my new motto when it comes to hallucinogens: trip hard or don't trip at all.