My eightenth birthday. This was going to be good, I had to feel good for my birthday. I've taken beans before, but I've never taken two before. Let alone double stacks. But, I had to do this one big.

Right before we entered the club, I took my first pill. After about an hour, I was dissapointed. I felt nothing. I ran outside to my car and downed the second pill. As soon as I finished swallowing the second pill, the first pill over took me like a huge wave. The street lights were enormous with huge rainbow halos surrounding them. I started laughing. I went back inside and my friends looked frightened by my appearance. They kept asking me if I was okay. I just laughed and laughed. The warmth was surging through my body, I had to dance.

I grab a random guy that appeared to be rolling to dance with me. All of a sudden, my legs turned to jello. My body melted into the air. The strobes started going off. My eyes jigged back and forth furiously. I had to sit down. With each step I took my legs sunk deep into the ground. I could not look straight. My eyes were deep in the back of my skull. I tried to close my eyes. Bright swirls of rainbows danced before me. I couldn't breathe. I tried to look around me, and people were staring at me. I felt that they were plotting against me. They did this to me, I thought to myself. I started swinging my arms and yelling at people. A girl came up to me to give me a hug. I couldn't stop crying. She told me that I had to follow her to the bathroom. I clung to her, it felt that I had no legs, they had melted off. I tried to pee, but no luck. This only made me cry more. The lights in the bathroom burned my eyes. It felt like needles. My body started shaking. I sat on the floor.

One of my friends pulled me out of the bathroom. The bartender through bottles of water at my friends. The poured 3 bottles of water over my head. The coldness snapped me back to reality. My body temperature was so incredible high, my skin was bright red.

It was the scariest experience I've ever had. The next day, I couldn't leave my bed. I stayed up all night and the next day crying my eyes out. My stomach cramped up, and my head felt like it was in a vice. It was horrible.