It was the end of winter, sometime in late February (not sure of actual day).  I had been on a fairly decent abstinence of psychedelics; almost 2 years, when I was invited to sample some 'green pyramids' to celebrate the birthday of someone near and dear.  I quickly accepted, looking for one last experience before jumping headlong into life (i.e. marriage, children, responsibility).

My set was great, attitude adjusted, I was ready to go.  We (good friend, one brother and me) had dropped 2 hits apiece around 6pm.  Within 1/2 an hour, all we had to do was look at each other to know it was time to get moving.  We bundled up (can't believe how heavy my coat is!) and went outside.  The air was so crisp and clear and clean that I could feel it, but not as an indication of cold.  Rather enlightening at the time.  We walked for about an hour(?) to a nearby park.  

I have been to this park a million times in my life...and it has never presented to me as being as VAST as it was tonight.  The area of expanse was overwhelming to me, I could not comprehend how vast a space this was.  I was compelled to discuss this with my companions, but they were totally enthralled with a stand of weeping willow trees that, on first glance seemed to have the appearance of a fountain, with the branches extending upward slightly, then spilling down to the ground.  At this point I'm thinking (saying?) 'this is gonna be fun tonight!'  We're about 3 hrs into it now.

We actually make a group decision (a miracle!) to cut through the park ad head to another friend's house where a small gathering of other friends was taking place.  The walk through the park was of an indeterminate time frame (remember...it is vast!) when we finally reached the house.  I'm rocking at this point, still climbing.  I go to knock on the basement door and watch my hand get engulfed by the wood fibers of the door, but it's soft!!??!!  I turn to my fellows and mention that 'I hope they can hear me knocking in there because this door is so damn soft it's eating my hand.'  As soon as I turn around, a friend of mine opens the door and extends us an offer to come in.  She was smiling at us...she knew, right away, of what was afoot.

This is where it really gets intense (in a good way).  Sophia, the friend that opened the door, runs a hair salon out of her basement.  There are lots of mirrors and haircutting apparutus filling this space...what a treat!!  I immediately became fascinated with the old-time 1950s hairdryers she had positioned above each chair (you know the kind...looks like a helmet), I sat in a chair and pulled on of these things down over my head and staring looking up into it, each hole in this thing was flowing with color, nothing tangible, just color, lots and lots of colors.  Hues of blue and red, purple and orange that I had never seen before.  Intense visuals!  I tried to explain to Sophia, she just looked at me, laughed and told me to enjoy all the sights, she would stay close. I continued to explore the combs, brushes, powders and sprays (smells good).  Too much fun...

I was offered a beer, it was ice cold and complemented the 'trip taste' I had in my mouth perfectly.  The group that was already at the house before we arrived started to watch Pink Floyd's 'The Wall' on video.  I settled in to watch with the others and was instantly transfixed by the music (they were piping it through speakers) and the images on the screen.  As the movie continued to play I found that I was feeling the music, physically feeling it.  This was overwhelming!!  I tried to explain to the others I had dropped with, but they were off on their own tangent.  

Time was warped in a big way at this point (+6:00).  I decided I needed to go to the bathroom, so I got up and drifted across the room (am I invisible?) without disrupting anybody.  As usual (for me anyway) the routine of evacuation of bodily fluids is always interesting.  I make my way back to my seat, Sophia comes over and asks me what took me so long.  I had no clue what she was talking about, I thought I was in and out of the bathroom in about 3 minutes.  She proceeded to tell me I was in there for 50 minutes!!  I couldn't even tell her what I was doing, I had no clue.  She took my hand, led me up to the kitchen and gave me another beer.  We spoke about what I was experiencing, the intensity, the visuals, the 'out-of bodiness' feeling.  I tried as best as I could to bring her there since she was experienced, but I was having difficulty communicating.  She led me to the couch to sit for a while, she was always so good to trip with or have around when tripping, and she just started touching me, not in a sexual way but in a gentle way.  The way it felt made my head swim in acceptance.  It was such a positive, friendly, thoughtful experience to sit with her at that moment in time.  

That moment is gone, has been for a long time, but it is one of the fondest memories I have in my life.  I do believe the total experience I had that night was worth the willingness to try one last time before committing to reality.  Peace.