I have used ketamine many times before this experience, but never bought a full vile for my own personal purposes. Since all my friends stopped using the substance and I was still interested, I decided to save up and buy my own vile. Saterday night, home alone, what else can I do?

I grabbed my stuff randomly, my dealer was in the neighbourhood. I didn't expect to get it until monday but was sure glad I got it then. Once I got my speakers and music setup I put on some techno, drew out four average lines from the vile of what looked like PURE ketamine and gave the first line a go.

*sniffff*
10 PM - 

I close my eyes and wait, I feel a bit numb and dissy right away which made me sure it was good stuff. 5 Minutes later I feel really numb, my thinking slows and so does my body. Lifting my hands felt weird, they were heavy. 

I went for the second line thinking 'I could use more'

*sniffffffff*
10:15 PM - 

The first dose seems to be hitting me tuns. I feel like my astral body is moving around inside my body, very dissy, open my eyes and notice that I can harly focus on anything. Then I being to panic 'Maybe two lines was too much! What if I overdosed? What if I die tonight?' I knew I'd be okay, though these thoughts still crossed my mind.

10:30 PM -
I woke up almost from a dream when I closed my eyes, I looked at the clock and noticed that it was 10:30 and the two lines should be hitting me hard right then. They were. I could barely hold myself up and I collapsed back onto my pillow with my eyes open and the room spinning around me. 

One more line couldn't hurt... could it?

*snifffffffffffff*
10:35 - 
This time it was quite difficult to do since I was nearly a vegetable. After snorting the third line I lied down slowly again and closed my eyes.

This is when I chose to relax myself, and it became a complete rollercoaster. 

I started to feel like I was dreaming when I closed my eyes. I saw giant images in my mind and I was a small person, below, watching them. Soon enough these images became familiar. Things that I have dreamed of before and places I have seen. I could almost control them with what felt like my subconcious mind. 

Flashing pinks and purples were knocking me over, I was falling and being pushed and pulling by giant images in my mind. My thoughts at that time escape me but I'm sure they were along the line of 'im dying'.

When I tried to listen in onto my music playing I heard it become more quiet as seconds passed. Then a sudden rush of force pushed me around the world and out of space. And then I felt my body melt away from me, along with my astral body. I saw my sole (which I saw the same thing on a high dose of LSD before) and this made me panic and jump out of my dream-like secence. 

I sat up and opened my eyes, thinking I was still going to die. The room was dark, though I saw bright pinks and purples around the room that made me squint. 

What happened after that becomes quite the blur to me. I finished off the last line when I felt my high going back down and it brought me up again. I remember few of my hallucinations but most of them very closed eye visuals, though very intense. 

At one point I saw a speaker jumping on my bed and I was trying to catch it, but there was nothing. Strange...

My high lasted until exactly 12 AM, then I got up and was shocked at how much time had passed. Still unable to walk and feel anything for the most part I went to sleep and experienced some of the most amazing dreams (since my k and lsd dreams)...

So yes, it was fun and I'm definatly doing that again, though maybe during the daytime. I want to achive a full out-of-body experience soon. 

My tips would be to smoke pot right after doing a line, it brings the k high WAY up. Though I had no pot on me this time, it was quite fine without it. 

play safe.