At my school they call it thizz... Thanks to Mac Dre. But I'm going to call it X. So about a month ago me and my friend decided we would try ecstacy and so we ventured to our nearest supplier and bought 2 red safeway pills for 30$. We thought it was a good deal and being that we were so exited to try it we bought it right away. With  the internet I had done research needed to know what exactly I was getting into and what I should do to prepare. So with a bottle in hand and a pack of chewing gum in pocket, I was ready to roll. Litterally. But once I had the water and was going to drop, I wondered about the authenticity of the pill and not knowing the dosage scared me a bit. And so I held on to the pill instead of taking it, for I was not as ready as I thought I was. My friend however did take the pill and had an awsome time. He explained it as the most perfect feeling of life in the world. So after watching him and seeing what it was like from a 2nd person's perspective, I was then ready to drop.

About a week later me and my buddy walked to the supplier after school. He had bought one pill and I had saved my pill from the last time. But still being very cautious I only took half of it and gave the other half to my other first-timer friend. I have to admit even though the effects were very faint I still felt very alive and real for once. And in the 4 hours that I had been rolling, I had felt a nice warm feeling of happiness in the world and felt alot more able to talk to people and get into conversations like never before. I felt like most of the people I was with had been rolling too, and that we were all feeling the same feeling in perfect harmony. I would even ask the question 'ya feel me?' almost every scentance... And they always said 'yes'... As if we were on the same page throughout the whole night. It was a very experiencial night and afterwards I felt like doing it again, only now I am ready to experiance the full effects of what we call 'thizz'. 

-Anonymous (thizzeemarly)