It was my very first taste of 'hardcore' drugs. I had done pot and plenty of alcohol but not much else.
I tripped with a couple roommates, we all took it at the same time around 1 or 2 pm.

We started by watching the Beatles classic 'Yellow Submarine'. Amazing, we had fun just lying on the floor and watching all the crazy things in that movie. But since I was on the floor all it took was a slight uncomfortable moment to make me want to constantly move around. Eventually we became restless and went on a nature walk. We walked to a small area near by, void of people. Stood around a sewer grate, watching it, some of us first trippers were paranoid about what people would think if they saw us.

We then headed back, realizing that we were indeed tripping hard. We would some and go a lot throughout the day and night and my sense of time was lost, when I would come back I would go to my room and sit on my bed, everytime I did this I would think to myself that maybe I was caught up in this infinite time warp, thinking I would be doomed to do the same thing over and over. 

I then began to trip by myself. I saw the wood grain on my roommates bed grow and change, then the ceiling would form these sort of rainbow images. I then began exploring my computer, realizing how much, much better some music is. Beatles, Pink Floyd, and other artists sound amazing. I closed my eyes and lied on my bed relaxing and feeling my body sort of melt away, where the only thing left was my existence, no materials just my thoughts and mind. I then went back to my computer, watching my background morph and icons move. I attempted to go online but failed, so I just went to Itunes visualizer, the visuals were amazing, it seemed as if it would seep into our reality and become the only thing I could see.

Then we reunited once again. We took another trip outside and basically attempted not to look foolish. While tripping, I always felt paranoid that someone would see me but when others would say this I would look at them and the only evidence of the trip was huge pupils.

We eventually also decided to take a trip to a dining area here. Everyone seemed to be looking at us, eating wasn't a high priority because LSD makes me lose my appetite. I had only french fries, none of which I remember eating. The others either had nothing but fruit. It was alright except we ran into an authority figure, not a cop but someone who could get us in trouble. For first time trippers, going out with lots of people is not recommended until you know how to handle it and how you will feel.

Finally the rest of the trip consisted of us finding places to rest and savour the rest of the trip. I had to stay up until 5 am because I couldn't come down from it. One guy who had tripped went to a party later.

All in all, I had a fun time. Would definetly do it again.