Let me tell you about my second time taking mushrooms. Me and about 5 other friends have been wanting to trip for about 3 weeks and have been unsuccessful in getting mushrooms. One week we tried to obtain acid and were unsuccessful at that as well. Well we were finally able to get a whole ounce of mushrooms and split them up amongst eachother. We all were going to take an 1/8 and trip together. 

Going into the trip I was so excited yet alittle nervous being that I had never taken a full 1/8 before and I was unsure of how strong my trip would be. Most of friends just ate the mushrooms striaght up but I put them on a sandwich and munched them down. They didn't taste nearly as bad as I remember them tasting. 

It was about 7:30 when I first ingested them. The coming up was slow. I was filled with somewhat scary thoughts but I was very excited still. I sat there watching That 70's Show and a smoked a cigarette. I could start to feel a little weird. My stomach kinda hurt but I was also very giddy and easy going. once we decided that they were definitely kicking in we packed 2 bowls and we had a blunt already rolled. We decided to go to out favorite smoking spot which an old abandoned press box. It is by far the best smoking/chill spot I have ever found.

By the time we were done smoking I was definitely tripping. I got some really cool open eye visuals. I got the common breathing visual. It appeared that everything had a life force and that everything was breathing.I felt really connected to my surroundings. After smoking and going inside I decided I wanted to be alone to explore my state of mind. I went back to my room dont really know how I got there but I got there. I put on some music and put on the visualizer on my lab top. It is a program that throws up awesome visuals along to the music it is very trippy even without tripping already. I got lost in the moving shapes I must have stared at it for 30 minutes. I was fascinated by it, it was pulling me in this life force was pulling me into it I was inside this new dimension. I could swim through it and float as if I was flying.

By now I was tripping really hard I was peaking at this moment. I got up and decided to lie down and think about life and where I'm going with life. This is when things get very hazy but yet so clear. I went into a dream state and everything was a huge closed eye visual. I felt myself leave my body and fly away. I just flew for what seemed like a million hours just endless. When I looked back I was outside our galaxy looking in on it. I could see earth way out in the distance and I remember going in and out of this. I would think to my self and picture my dorm room and all of the sudden I could be right back in my dorm. The first time I went back I was scared I didn't not want to be there it was an unwelcome place it gave off bad vibes. So I went back out the outer edges of our solar system in an instance. This place was very comforting. I sat out there just thinking about life and why we are here. I would not call it a very spiritual trip but it was definitely a life changing trip. I now know how small we really are and how there is so much more out then just us the universe is huge place one that I can only comprehend in that state of mind.

The coming down was amazing as well. I did not want to come down but I couldn't help but feel happy. Everything around me was giving off good energy and everything was pleasant to be around.
This was an unforgettable trip that will not be forgotten.

4:20- Delilah