Up until this experience, the only drugs I had taken were alcohol and cannabis, and nothing could have prepared me for magic mushrooms. My friends had had several experiences with lsd and mushrooms before this, and it seemed a good idea to be with people who knew what to expect. Anyway, 9 of us, 4 who never had done them before, bought 20g wet (2g dry equivalent, I think) each of Thai mushrooms. I think they were Dwarf Psilocybe Cubensis, but don't really know. 

We ate them about 4 p.m. on a nice November saturday afternoon. I had always expected my first time to be in a safe place with two close friends and some mellow music/lighting, but instead, we went directly to a public park after eating them, with only some water, lots of weed and a frisbee.

It was getting dusky and the night sky looked really beautiful. It seemed to get quite cold and dark all of a sudden, and directly after my vision changed completely. Everything began to develop a colourful glow to its edges and objects became slightly blurred. I had been feeling slightly nauseous since ingestion, and it seemed this feeling was simply going to grow.

I can't be too sure of the time from hereon in, as my perception of distance and time had become quite distorted. We began walking about the park and towards a waterfall, as we felt quite anxious standing in the one place. Everything looked so strange but extremely intricate and like that of a fairy-tale.

I would have loved to remained engulfed in the scenery, but the feeling of anxiety and nausea began to grow and my head felt heavy.

2 good friends of mine and I broke away from the group, one of whom had only taken 10g of shrooms. We felt outside to be getting too much (even though it was just after 5) and, despite having previously said we wouldn't, we went back to our student accommodation apartment. The way back was disorientating, even though it was only a 5 minute walk. Cars could barely be made out, and had I been on my own, I wouldn't have been able to cross a road. It was a like a really weird dream, bright lights and everything else a huge blur. When we got back, we lay in one of the guy's rooms, attempting to watch family guy and play a video game simultaneuously. The visuals suddenly became very real, with the room and everything in it appearing to breathe.

My mind was in a strange place. I couldn't remember what we had taken, though I knew it was some drug, and I developed a strong sense of confusion. I was very edgy, and jumped at anything. It was only 6 p.m, and I couldn't even comprehend the concept of time. I remember trying to think of what normality and sobriety was, and kept asking my friends what we'd feel like when we came don. The mushrooms seemed to hit in waves, with a moment of insane laughter or feeling great, to a feeling of sheer terror and panic. The room seemed to take on a sinister persona, with the floor appearing flooded and the walls grey. The visuals were fun but my mind just wasn't able for it, I felt drowsy, sick, scared and I just wanted to come down. I couldn't imagine smoking a joint, I needed to sober up.

I went to bed and was absolutely freaked. One of my friends, for which I am very thankful, came into my room and talked to me for a while, just calming me down. I recommend having someone around like this for when you first take shrooms, because it's quite hard to tell yourself you're alright.

After this, I came back to reality ever so slightly, and started feeling great. This was somewhere round 8p.m. We all sat in the kitchen, talking and laughing. It ended well but overall, I'm sure it wouldn't count as a good trip.

I wouldn't blame the mushrooms....I know it was a bad setting, for a first time anyway, and I should have thought about it more beforehand. I know that's what I'll be do should I ever try them again.