My experiance began one month ago.  After a hectic saturday night I was woken up that sunday morning to a friend beating on my dorm door.  I initially pretended I wasn't there but after awhile I decided to give in a find out what he wanted.  I opened the doorm, SHROOMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I FOUND SHROOMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He exclaimed.  After about 7 hours and 20 bucks he manifested the shrooms for me and a few of my friends.  There were 7 of us and we all bought an eighth.  I told my friends I was going to wait to take the shrooms, seeing as they all have a high level of suggestability and I wanted to truly experience the effects and not have to wade through everyone elses star gazing reports.  
     
Anyways I finally give in a eat my eighth in a few friends dorms with a soda and go meet my other friends downstairs.  About 45 minutes after eating the shrooms my old roommate comes by and suggests that we go to to the convience store and get some snacks and I agree.  On the way there I began to feel the shrooms and I started to get freaked out as I was looking at some bushes, realizing that they resembled spiders then I began to think if I did start to see things they would become spiders as well.  To my good fortune or misfortune depending on how you look at it I had no visions.  
     
Anyways at the c store I began to realize the full effect and my newly found 'powers' became manifest.  I could pick up items or just touch them and feel their intrensic goodness or evil depending on what they were.  I soon learned to avoid all things which would be a downer and as I touched different surfaces they began to radiate throughout my body giving me the giggles.  Finally we made it back to my dorm and I sat on an old familiar couch and I started laughing uncontrolably.  As I was laughing it sounded like the laughing was a giggle comming from a dawrf from a far away land which at the time made the situation all the more funnier.  I probably laughted for a good 5 hours on and off.  I know I'm not the greatest writer and for those of you who have suffered through this I'm sorry. I felt almost that if I had expected it, it would have been different.  Good look and happy hunting.