I first began using drugs as a means to investigate other means of perception. My first experience began when I was 18 years of age at a friend's house. At this time I had never smoked pot, and had only occasionally been drunk. At any rate, I opened up his glove compartment and found a bag of mushrooms. We decided to take some, but I was cautious because a) I had work at 10:00 am and it was already midnight, and b) because I had never consumed any form of psychoactive drug before. None the less, the night was great, and work the next day sucked as I didn't get any sleep. 

Four years went by without incidence. Anyways, one day we were looking around and found a fairly interesting herbal shop that sold many legal/illegal drugs, depending on which country you're from. We inquired about DMT, and the merchant, a fairly young urban hippy who wore loose fitting clothing coupled with a purple bandanna, provoked the conversation further. We ended up buying a small bag of grayish greenish looking powder with a similar consistency to that of sage. Later that night at around 9 pm my friend and I placed the fairly loose powder into a bowl and smoked it taking turns. 

The initial inhale left little to the imagination, but as we continued to smoked things began to change. The first noticeable change could best be described as the feeling one felt whilst first smoking marijuana. Glee, excitement, something different.We continued to smoke, holding in as mush smoke as we could. Things seemed great..

I would never discourage anyone from trying DMT, as it was a great time, and I learned of things I never thought existed. Under the influence of DMT, we began to realize a further existence, beyond that of the normal. This difference manifested itself into a creature we called the "The DMT". "The DMT" was completely separate from the drug DMT. Anyways, "the DMT" which stood for Direct Maintenance Technicator (if that is a word) personified our feelings while on the drug DMT. 'The DMT" was an evil creature intent on luring us into the forest where he dwelled. 'The DMT' became a creature that personified everything wrong with human nature. Nonetheless, contact with this entity allowed my friend and I to become aware of the evil side of human nature, and "the DMT" remains a constant presence in both our lives. I've tried to explain this concept to other but its extremely hard because many have never tried DMT, and others feel that these feeling we had were negative when in fact they were more of an enlightened reality or 'unreality'. 

My friend and I needed to learn more about this entity we called 'the DMT', and we smoked the night after. Similar thing occurred.

Since then I have never done DMT, not because of any negative aspect, but mainly because we saw the psychological addiction potential, and its fairly expensive. Cheers, and have a good experience.