I first heard about DMT from some friends, at a time when we all had the misconception that it was actually done by licking a toad.  We'd heard most of the basics - DMT is an extremely potent psychedelic that lasts a very short duration.  I had had my fair share of uncomfortable mushroom trips and bad acid trips, so I was excited to trip for a short enough time that if it did go bad, it would be over quickly.  

Eventually my friend's dealer told us DMT was in town.  A friend begged his dealer to let me come along and try it with him, and the dealer complied.  We eventually ended up at a vacant friend's house in the basement, where I watched the dealer carefully divide his remaining DMT (which wasn't a whole lot) into the right amounts.  

I was the last person to try it. My friend had failed on his first attempt to inhale properly, and I was feeling a little anxious.  I sat on the bed; the dealer had instructed that he would heat it for us, and our job was only to smoke when he said so.  After the first such toke, the room began to feel distorted, less visually than just as a state of mind. The vapor tasted like burning plastic.  He kept on urging me to finish it, and I tried as best I could but already found myself losing control.  Everything was suddenly overwhelming - he had taken the pipe from my hands to heat it, and when he handed it back to me I grabbed the hot part and burned myself.  I caught it, inhaled as best I could, and he finally gave up and told me to lie back on the bed. 

They turned the lights out and the music up.  I immediately discovered the intensity of the visualizations was greatly increased if I couldn't differentiate anything for myself, so the darkness helped.  I had the sensation of flying up and spinning around at the same time, while gazing at amazingly complex ancient Mesoamerican-style art.  The art was against a black background and consisted of purple and blue and green metallicly tinted lines, all of which would fold in and out of each other, creating something new and in my mind equally extraordinary.  I saw faces and temples and gods; I totally forgot about where I was and who I was with.  

Eventually the visualizations began to subside, maybe after six or so minutes (though it felt a lot longer).  They asked me if I wanted the lights back on and I agreed.  Apart from a slight reddish haze that lasted for about 5-10 minutes after the trip, I just felt very energized for the next hour.

I really was glad I tried the drug with someone experienced with it for my first time. I didn't need very much to get where I wanted, and it was difficult to know how slowly to breathe and when.   I don't know what would have happened had I tried to walk while spinning so fast...

DMT has become my favorite drug.  If you like intense short trips, its the drug for you.