It was one of the lst days of summer. It was dark out and me and my freind brad where going to see a fight that was happening down at the local ranch,it was like a skids against preps sort of thing. Before we left to watch Brad pulled out a little bag of shrooms about 8 grams from the look of it. Me and brad have had many shroom trips together and enjoyed tripping together every other weekend. 

We consumed the mush at around 8:00 and we sat on the side of the hill until about nine. I could feel of a body high coming on and we decided being at a fight on mushrooms was a very stupid idea, so we walked to a friends house nearby. On the way the body high had increased and my mind was becoming a bit blurred a dog behind a fence sounded like a vicious beast and I began to feel a bit anxious. We got to my friend ray's house and chilled out in his room for a little bit but I began to feel the drugs taking hold. The Peircings in my face began to feel strange, however I shrugged these feelings off because anything made of metal always feel weird on mushrooms. It was about 10:00 when I began to feel really sick and I decided that I had to leave rays room. I could feel the spins coming on strong and as much as I tried to relax I just was not able to keep my mind settled down. We left ray's house and I began to feel a whole lot better but I looked at brad and he did not seem to be having the best time.

We decided that the river would be cool to go down to and we could sit on the walkway and smoke some weed. At about 12:00 we made it to the walkway and we decided to stand around and have a smoke really quickly. BAD IDEA. We were all standing around completly ripped out of our skulls. Brad was in the middle of a sentence....took a drag of his smoke...and fell completly face first into solid concrete. At first he just lay there in a pile on the floor but soon he got up and began to crawl around making the strangest noise I have ever heard. I flipped him over and had a look at his face, half of one of his front teeth had been knocked out in the fall and there was blood all over his face. ( I was flying by this time so there might not have been as much blood as I thought). After about ten minutes of rolling about and spitting blood up brad instantly switched back to himself and began began laughing at himself and saying how weird that was. We went back to my house and cleaned brad up and watched batman begins (which was crazy). Towards the end of the trip brad had another bad spill in the bathroom, he fell through my shower and completly destroyed evrything around it.There was a major burnout and I my body began to move and stretche. It had been a crazy night but nothing to make me not want to zoom occasionly.