I'll start by saying that the shop where I bought them said that it was 10g but it may have been 30g, I believe this after later buying 30g and it seeming very similar.

The night in question was the night before my birthday so me and my cousin thought that we would buy some mushrooms for a nights entertainment. We took them at 11:30pm (both of us taking 10 or 30grms each). I because I can't stand the taste I cut them up into small pieces and eat the with a lot of water. Looking back on it things didn't feel right even before I finished eating then but I did  take at least 10mins to eat them. 

The Trip had began. I did not notice the effects growing stronger but only realised once I began to peak. We were in my bed room, my cousin was on my computer and I was laying on the floor watching the crack in my celing, for god knows how long. Then my vision got caught buy the multi coloured shadow made by the door, which proceeded to switch from green to red with out me noticing.

It was now that things began to change I began to feel detached from my ego and it was as though I was watching what I was seeing trough my eyes in a dark room on a Television. However this at this point was not un-nerving. I only began to fall into the downward spiral when I found myself watching the T.V that had been on the whole time that I would not hear but saw their mouths moving on it and knew that they were speaking, it was as though the screen that I was watching my life on that on mute. Then their faces changed and it was like they had been like that the whole time.

One of the people's faces was changeing from a half changed ware-wolf to a full ware-wolf with was made worse by that fact it was a woman. An other was a scotish man and his face been compressed from the sides and his mouth was open and closeing at 10x it would have been normally. And the last man was inflating and defaling like a balloon. All of this was starting and re-starting as the camera switched from one of them to another. This began the decent because after this my friend was also having a bad-trip decided to come off the computer and lay down next to me and insisting that everything was turned off in the room, so every thing was turned off but neither of us can remember getting up and turning things off. 

At this point our ego's had connected via some mental link so we were both feeding off each others emotions. It felt like it would never end that we would be like this for ever. It was like we were  already dead but waiting to die. The room we were in was the only thing that existed to me that rest of the world had never existed and never would exist again. 

I got up and wanted to have something to connect me to and outer world so I tried the computer but could not find the button and found my outer body crying because I could not find the button and therefore could not connect. At this point I don't know what happend. But found myself in bed a little later on.

I began to mumble about life and how worthless it is as mine had just ended and that this would and is eternity. 

The I crash landed back to reality at 5:00am. Knowing where I was what was out side and that it was there. However that night I could not sleep being so shocked from the experience.

I still to this day have no idea why I had such a but trip, it could be simply that I just had too much, that it was because it was too little people being just me and him or that there was someother being playing with our insignifigant lives. All that I can say coming out of the other side of that trip is that it was I highly prefound experience and I warn all that read this that mushrooms can be highly dangerous but this is not to but you off do go a take the fruits of mother nature as I have done even after this experience. I have now learnt that all I need to think is that it is only mushrooms if I feel wrong or bad and don't let my soul be sucked into the downward spiral.

On The Edge