I currently reside in Peru, home of the Peruvian Torch cactus. This cactus grows quite rampantly through these parts so it seemed like something fun to do with my girlfriend for New Year's. While it is easy to go out and just chop one from someones yard or a public place I figured it's a pretty dick thing to do. Over here you can go down to any market and buy a 1 foot (3' diameter) cutting for about 2 soles (the equivalent of $0.58 cents). The advantage is that they store the cacti for about 1-2 months so that it can soften up and concentrate the alkaloid content.

Our first attempt was on 30th of December. We pulled up a preparation guide from the internet and followed the instructions. After de-skinning and spiking, chopping it up into pieces, freezing it and blending it with a little water, we were left with a mass of chopped up cactus and its mucous membrane. We believed we could eat it with the help of some lime juice but 20 minutes in we saw we were no match. The combination of the bitter taste and the slimy texture eventually led us to vomit what we consumed and the night was a failure. 

We saved what we had left and I also bought another foot-long cutting to add to make up for what we consumed and turned to the 'San Pedro Preparation' by MJShroomer the next day on the 31st  (BTW this is the best though a little time consuming). We were left with a tea which was a bit thick and only slightly slimy (a far cry better then what we were left with last time). We drank the tea shot for shot at 7:45 pm much like a tequila shot sans the salt (drink and suck a lime) over a period of 30 minutes. Then we played the waiting game.

We expected results within 45 minutes, so when nothing happened for almost 1 1/2 hours we were kind of pissed off and contemplated just getting a bag of weed. My girlfriend was the first to vomit, an hour after consumption. I went 20 minutes later but threw up lightly. We sat down to watch a movie and about 2 hours after consumption my girlfriend told me to close the window because she said the wind was making the curtains move. When I went to close the window I realized it wasn't even open. That was when I realized that the trip was beginning. It crept up on us so subtly that we didn't even recognize it. 

We then went off to my room. It was dark except for my lava lamp that gave the room a nice green haze. We lay down looking at my posters and pictures and noticed then that the room was breathing with us. Visual distortions highlighted the trip as well as a deeper thought process that is normally felt with psychoactive hallucinogenics. There was also a very deepened appreciation of music. We played guitar for nearly an hour, all the while we were repeatedly hit with waves of heat and cold at comfortable levels. 

At about 11:45 pm we went outside and prepared for the new year. We celebrated with champagne. The stars twirled and danced around in the sky and the sky also breathed with me. The experience was amazing. I called my friends in Arizona and enjoyed the fact that the phone acted like my portal to an outside dimension. At about 12:30 [t+4:45] the trip was slightly less visually exciting but nonetheless excellent because of the sense of mental enlightenment and clarity of thought. We then went out for a walk in a park. The effect of the shadows and the tall trees made for a aesthetically pleasing view of twisting and morphing trees and shadows. 

We returned at 2:00 am and were left with a sense of unmatched relaxation and were slightly tired. Our minds were still clear and allowed for a deep conversation for at least 2 hours. We went off to bed at 4:00 am but were unable to sleep until about 5:30 am. 

I drew the conclusion that San Pedro is unlike any other drug I have taken. It is almost as if it tests you. You must pass through the bitter taste, nausea, discomfort and doubt about what you have taken before you get to the higher level. It feels as if you are having the hangover first, but it is far worth it.