Emotional Trip

I'm not sure if this will help anyone in deciding if they should or should not trip, but I hope it provides assistance of some kind.

It was my first time taking LSD and I was slightly nervous I must admit.  I have tried many other drugs before, but for some reason LSD was always one that I was unsure about.  I decided to go ahead with it and with my best friend (who is a frequent user of the drug) I decided to trip. We stayed at her house in her room where we listened to rock n' roll albums and created art projects. At 8:00 pm we took the first half of a tab, (I only wanted to take a small amount for fear that I might not enjoy it) and for the first hour or so I did not feel anything.  Then all of a sudden with out even realizing it I started laughing.  There was nothing that was outright funny, yet I could not stop myself from uncontrollably laughing.  My legs felt sort of jello-like and warm and tingly.  I could feel my blood circulate through my body; I was warm, happy and very pleasant.  Then all of a sudden my friend has some candles that were lit and she blew them out.  I did not know why, but I quickly stopped laughing and started crying.  I had tears running down my cheeks and was silently sobbing.  For some reason I was very upset the candles had been blown out.  I just had so much emotion inside of me that I had to release it in one form or another.  In this case I went from laughing to crying- yet I wasnt that sad.  I soon stopped crying and began to draw.  One thing I found frustrating was that it was very hard to concentrate while drawing.  I could not focus on my work and I also could not get what I was creating to come out the exact way I had wanted it to.

Then an hour later at 9:00 we decided to take the other half of the tab.  I was still peaking and this added to me wonderful flow of emotions.  I was still giggly and happy, and just felt very pleasant.  We continued to draw and listen to music and talk about things we felt were interesting at the present time.  However, the entire time I was tripping I would constantly have millions of thoughts that would not stay in my head long enough for me to verbalize them.  I also found that frustrating.  
        
The night continued and I still was happy, just more mellowed out.  I was also very aware of my back and neck.  It didn't hurt, rather I was just aware of it.  I also found myself becoming attached to different objects.  For example, I had been playing with a lighter and could not seem to put it down.  I didn't feel right if I put it down- for some reason I needed to be holding it.  The same thing happened to a sweater I had been wearing.  The entire trip was clear and not as visually crazy as tripping on mushrooms.  For example, I could have a normal conversation with someone, but when I am on mushrooms I don't like to talk to anyone and enjoy being by myself.
        
Overall, I didn't see crazy images or have an tracers.  The only vision things that I saw were my friend's christmas lights in her room- they were blurry and fuzzy- they all blended together.  I didn't freak out or even remotely find anything scary or strange.  I was simply happy and very emotional.  I loved everything about my trip.  I was nervous at frist, however I felt safe with my best friend and knew that I could trust her.  I was in a comfortable environment as well.  However I did have a little trouble falling asleep.  It was strange in the fact that my body was exhausted, yet my mind was still wide awake and racing at 6:00 in the morning.  I was done tripping still I couldn't fall asleep easily.