We had been preparing for my friend R's 16th birthday for about a month. We were all going to roll, some people for their first time. The party was planned entirely for an ecstasy trip. I couldnt wait until 7:00 (when the party started) so I crushed a pill after school and drank the powder. When taken this way it kicks in a lot faster and harder but lasts about 3-4 hours. I was still rolling when I got to the party, but I took another pill. I never dance, so I wasn't sure what kind of things I would do, but it was fun and I think I made an idiot of myself when I talked to people that weren't rolling. I had this really weird feeling of connection with this girl, B, I had never met. I haven't seen her other than at the party, but at the time she was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. I was going to talk to her when R tells me he just asked her out. Immediately the thought of wanting her changed to being incredibly happy for them, but I was also envious of R. After dancing, I sat by the fire with R and B and we just talked about random things. I had a reason to be connected with R, who is my good friend, but I now realize I dont even know B. Sometime during the party, my friend A gave me a small dose of ketamine, which I snorted and got threshold effects. 

When I got home at 11:30, I crushed another pill and drank it. 7 of the 10 people that rolled were sleeping at my house. We all hung out doing random things and I snorted 1/4 of a pill. My dad came home with his girlfriend at 3:30, so they took 2 pills and I took another one. His gf crushed 2 pills and drank them at once and said she hadnt been that fucked up in 10 years. The 4th pill didnt hit me very hard even though I had taken the same one earlier, but I did feel a meth high. At 5:30, we came to the conclusion that there  might be some meth in the pills. An hour later we decided to snort 1/3 and GO TO SLEEP!! We were gonna go to sleep after snorting pills with meth in them and nobody thought it was weird. The three people who snorted the 1/3 never slept and the people who did only got a couple hours.

We were so fried the next day that we forgot what we were saying in midsentence and we couldnt follow thing that were normally simple but now seemed complicated.

