##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

T+ 0:00 - LSD, 1 hit, blotter
T+ 0:20 - LSD, 1 hit, blotter
T+ 1:00 - LSD, 1 hit, intravenous
T+ 1:15 - cannabis, 0.5g, smoked
T+ 1:30 - LSD, 2 hits, blotter
T+ 4:30 - salvia divinorum 20x, 1 bowl, smoked
T+ 7:00 - salvia divinorum 20x, 1 bowl, smoked
T+ 7:30 - alprazolam, 1mg, oral
T+ 11:00 - alprazolam, 3mg, oral

------------------------------------------------------------------------

My roommate and I drove half an hour to another friend's house to procure seven hits of LSD. He got two, I snagged five. We picked up yet another friend and headed back toward campus. The remnants of a recent, particularly strong hurricane were just beginning to pass over our city, and the weather was a total mess. I dropped the first hit as we were leaving the house, and tasted that familiar taste...acid. I had a good feeling going into this trip, like it would be an earthshattering experience. 
	
When we entered the dorms, I ate a second tab, and the guys who I rode with decided to go meet another guy and drive around. I later learned that they spent the night riding with someone around town, watching transformers explode with a weird green flash and seeing the wind blow away the world. I proceeded to my room to attempt injecting a hit intravenously. I entered, set up several beat-sensitive neon lights, a blacklight, the playlists for the night, and then started Winamp visualizers. I prepared the shot by folding a square and placing it in the barrel of the syringe. As, LSD is water-soluble, I drew up 60 units of sterile, isotonic water and shook the hell out of it. After letting it sit a minute, I saw the water glowing under my blacklight, and said to no one in particular, 'It's time.' I found a vein and began. I quickly learned that injecting it too quickly burns; it had to be done at a very slow pace. About halfway through the process I was in a full-blown trip - and everything went dark. Apparently a tree fell on a transformer and took out the power. With some difficulty I finished the injection and stretched out on my bed. The visions were incredible, as the IV hit brought on an immediate peak. Being a rather experienced psychonaut, I felt comfortable enough to get up and go out into the hallway. It was still lit, the backup generators just didn't power individual rooms.....cheap-ass universities. Everything around me glowed green, except certain people, who were pink. I wandered downstairs and outside to smoke a cigarette. In doing so, I ran into three other friends.
	
These people had no idea I was tripping, and invited me to ride with them and smoke. We got into the van and left campus to smoke in the wind and rain. I informed them of my level of intoxication and consumed the last two hits. They put on some music, and I became lost in it......it went around and around, in and out, through me. We smoked a couple grams of dank between four people, and this amplified the LSD.
	
We made our way back to campus, marvelling at the power nature was displaying. When we arrived, I was hitting one of a series of peaks, feeling like an insect crawling upstairs to my room. Being unable to find my own room, I followed the other guys to one of their rooms. I collapsed on a bed, stuck in the corner, and found myself lost in the molecular structure of the ceiling. It is obscenely difficult to explain to someone who has never eaten a high dose of LSD what this was like, but I tried nonetheless when my friends were asking. This seemed to go on for hours, but in reality probably lasted thirty minutes.
	
The guys figured out some way to power a laptop and lamp, I think from some massive backup battery supply, and put in a Simpsons DVD. I just stood and stared at colors I had never seen before, out of the visual color spectrum. I am usually an avid Simpsons fan, but I was so distracted I am completely unable to say what episode we watched, or even what characters were involved. At some point here I received several 1mg alprazolam tablets. Shortly after this, I and one friend managed to get to my room --- next door.
	
When in my room, I loaded up a bowl of 20x salvia extract into a glass bubbler. With the assistance of my friend, I prepared to take my trip to yet another dimension. I took one massive hit, then another, and after one more the bowl was cashed out. BANG! I exploded. The sensations were indescribable. I saw bright blue laughing demons in the room, outside the window, in the walls. A few minutes later I came back to reality -- at least, the reality that was LSD. I put on headphones and lay down on my bed as my friend loaded a bong. He took the green hit, then passed it to me. I rolled over and took a hit. I was gone. I let him smoke the rest of the ganja and we chilled a while. Eventually he left and I was left on my bed, stuck, wandering through the world in my mind.
	
The rest of the night and the next day is just a blur, but i know i ate 1mg alprazolam after smoking some more salvia, then three more before my film class the next day. It was the morning after that  day when I returned to baseline. I apologize for the end of this report being fairly weak, but i wrote the first part early after the trip and am just now finishing it to post.

r007ph07oN