My First and Best Experience Ever

This was the first time I took shrooms. Before I've only done a few drugs like weed, E, and tried coke.  I was really excited to start my first shrooms that day.  My friend (Ill call her BR) took more than me, 1/8 while I took 2 grams.  I took them while eating crackers while BR took them alone with nothing else.  I made sure to not eat before it since I knew nausea was common.  I started feeling very weird while BR and my other friend (SM) were cleaning up my kitchen with me before my mom got home. I went outside and felt very nauseas. BR and SM decided to jump up and down as a joke, while it made me feel worse since I was really dizzy. I sat down and usually by sitting down and I curb the nausea. Well turns out I did and once I felt better we went inside and finished making a cake and cleaning.

The effects started coming. I dimmed the room and it felt like everything was pastels. I blasted music from downstairs and SM wanted me to change the cd so I went downstairs into my basement. Now before BR and I took the shrooms we all put up rainbow and white lights down stairs, and even made a big swirl with them so it would be cool to look at it when on the drugs. So as I was saying...I went downstairs and when I got down there the music changed. It sounded like my friends were singing in the speakers. I thought they followed me down there so I turned around and said, 'haha you guys are funny!' but they werent there! So I changed the cd which seemed like FOREVER and turned around and BR was there. We laughed, for what seemed forever. I must have been done there for a long time for her to come down there and see if I was okay. So we laughed and went back upstairs.

When I got up back in my kitchen I looked at my wooden floor. It started to swirl and colors in the room changed amazingly. Next I decided to look up at my vent. The vent started going in and out so I told BR and we laughed and stared at it forever. SM was awesome and cleaned up for me since I was impaired to do it, so we decided to chill downstairs. I opened my old where's waldo? Book. There was one page I opened too where he was on boats in the ocean.  They ocean started to move and colors changing everywhere. I couldnt believe it.  We next went to SM's house.  I decided to stay in the car since they didnt think I was okay enough to go inside if her parents where there.  So I was alone out there in the car. I started to stare at her bush. Literally I thought the bush was against me. It looked like it was coming after me. Beth came out in time and said to come in since no one was home. So I did. I went up to her second floors and stopped. I started to feel like I was on a platform out at sea.  In my mind I was so I moved around like I was.  All I wanted to be when on shrooms was a open space so this was the perfect space for me which is why I didnt go to her room with them. We left SM was hungry and by the way she didnt take any shrooms so she was bored while we were having the time of our lives. So I let her drive my car while we went to a pizza place.  We went in and I felt like everyone was staring at me and Br. So SM ate fast and we then went home to pick up the cake to go to a new years party.  They car ride there was completely insane! I felt like I was in an army boat on land. Everything was crazy looking. The colors were everywhere and I felt extremely happy. We arrived at the party and made sure to look okay. It didnt really work, BR and I got freaked out since the space was too small so we all left. On our way home I forgot how to talk. Completely forgot how to talk so I rambled my own language. BR understood it because we were both tripping but SM thought we were insane.  The ride home took forever but I felt like I was in a cartoon. Nothing seemed real.

We got home and played poker. The king and queen on the cards started to move and I thought they were waving to me.  I next heard voices in my head and thought they were communicating to me through my mind. After that I started to come down on the shrooms. Which was I must say sad. Beth lasted longer since she took more and then we all went to bed.

My experience was the most amazing thing ever. All I had to do was look at stuff and feel amazing. Even though parts got scary like SM's bushes attacking me, I still didnt experience anything close to a bad trip. The nausea was definitely worth it even though it was a very bad part. The only bad part. I'm def. Doing shrooms again soon.