##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

I am writing this report, because (a) I think sharing psychedelic experiences with other users is good for the community, (b) I have never shared any of my experiences with P. cubensis mushrooms and (c) I think I have something to say.

This report is focusing on taking homegrown P. cubensis mushrooms while on a camping trip in West Virginia.  I specifically want to discuss this experience because of the effect setting can have on myself while high on mushrooms (and all psychedelics actually).

Background – I am an very seasoned psychedelic user, with most of my experience from LSD and 5-meo-dipt, and less experience with P. cubensis mushrooms, Amanita mushroom, AMT, and ecstasy.  Although I consider myself experienced (at one point I would trip two to three times week on lsd and foxy), my frequency has fallen off to taking a psychedelic about once a year.  This trip was my second and final trip of 2005.  Both times were with the same batch of P. cubensis mushrooms.  They were taken dried in chocolate.    

Me and a friend (I will refer to him as R) both took our shrooms in the afternoon while camping on the river.  Although I don't remember exactly how much was in the bar of chocolate I think it was between 1/4 and 1/3 an ounce.  R was drinking alcohol.  I was not.  We were both smoking lots of cannabis.  Our girlfriends didn't take any shrooms.  

The Onset – It took about 30 minutes or so for the shrooms to kick in.  R and I had walked down to the riverside by ourselves.  We both started feeling something at about the same time.  It was very subtle in its onset.  Very gently, the nature around us started to come alive.  This was the start of, for lack of a better word, a magical period.

The Peak, Part 1 – After the subtle onset, we were both peaking by one hour in.  Still by the riverside, I started to slowly become one with nature.  First was the river.  While sober (sober being only taking cannabis) the river was dirty and polluted.  Very ugly.  No life under the water.  However, the shrooms changed this.  All of a sudden the water was clear.  I could see fish in the water.  Lots of fish.  Including their shadows.  I could easily follow the school of fish as they swam by the bank.  They seemed to notice that we could see them too.  How in the world did I not see this before?  Seeing the fish was only the start.  The sound of the river became louder and soothing.  It sounded as if the river was breathing.  Soon birds started signing.  I turned and caught a pair of bright orange orioles fly in to the tree beside us.  They were signing a beautiful tune that seemed connected with my breathing and the breathing of the river.  I was floored by just how easy it was for me to hear and spot the different birds around us in the tree tops.  Then, maybe the most amazing part of my connection with nature was the river birds that were chasing and playing with each other that started making fly by's right beside us.  I do not remember noticing these birds the first 3 or 4 days we were camping.  They were a brilliant blue.  Flying, they resembled Dark Vadar's starfighter planes.  They seemed like they were putting on a show for us.  They kept making fly by's that were literally no more than 6 inches from our noses before turning and flying straight up.  Much like a bat would do to somebody in a cave.  It kept up for around 30 minutes straight.  I would focus on them so hard, they were practically still and the background was fuzzy and moving, but not the bird, it was perfectly focused for its whole flight path right at me.  I felt as if I had become so connected with the river and nature around us that the wildlife didn't hesitate to interact with us.  I can not describe adequately the way I connected to the river, to the fish, to the various birds, to the trees and even to the sand beneath our feet while standing on the river bank.  It seemed like there were something there to learn by the river.  My head felt free and clear.  My surrounding was inviting and beautiful.  The shrooms made nature more accessible and nature made the shrooms more enjoyable.

The Peak, Part 2 – After a while (probably an hour or more), R and I thought it was a good idea to go see the girls.  I had not even had one thought about them while at the river.  Strange.  But once we got to the fire, the mood changed.  Interacting with other humans was hard.  I wanted badly to go back to the riverside and focus on the river or the fish or the birds.  Not making conversation.  Soon, they peak started to get to me.  The rush was beginning to be too much.  I was wishing for a come down to stop the rush.  It was too much of a rush; I need to stop smoking cannabis for a while.  I can't remember what happened at this point (I'm writing this 8 months later).  All I remember is trying to tune out conversation and rehash my amazing connection at the riverside over and over again.  Soon, the rush wore down and I felt better.  And hungry

The Comedown – The comedown was spent eating and smoking.  It felt good to be coming down.  I was extremely relieved for the rush to subside, but extremely disappointed to feel I was being distanced from nature.

Conclusion – The shrooms took on a totally different feel while being next to the river and experiencing all it had to offer.  It was blatantly obvious the way the shrooms had synergy with nature and the way it collided with too much human interaction and conversation.