I have been expirimenting with drugs most of my highschool days, and up to today. I have been smoking ganja for quite a while, and probably will continue too. But tonight, I tried X. I haven't done X before, but I've done shrooms/salvia, and other psychoactives. So I gave it a shot. 

I left the house with my good girlfriend at around 11. We go to our local dealer, who is also a good friend of ours. We sit there for a while, just talking while one of the dudes there looked for his phone charger. We hit the bubbler full of some KB bud. Laughing at him. We took it in stride when our guy told us he scored some killer X. He gives me and Ash 3 blue peace signs each for free. We were excited. 

I broke one up and snorted it. Then dropped the other two in rapid succession. So me, ashley, shane, oscar, beepop, and frodo. We pass around the bong for forever it seemed. Just getting absolutely faded. We were laughing at everything. 

At around 12 the X I snorted hit me. Wow. Everything was so beautiful. My senses ran amok. I welcomed it. I looked at ash who was just cheesing, a huge grin on her face. She pinched my cheek, and was like. 'You are so pretty!' I gave her a look, so she just giggled. Most of us were shedding clothing by now. We turned off the lights, and blasted some good trance music. We just get up and started having a huge grind. Me and Ashley and Shane. We are all friends, and we really didn't think much of it. 

So around 1, me and Ashley head to the spare room, listeing to DJ Tiesto, in the dark. We shared many good E hugs, and kisses. We stopped when we realized that we were both naked, laying all over each other. I was rock hard by this point. It was funny, when I told her we should stop. She looked at my crotch and gave me this cute pout look. We laugh and dress. 

We go back in the main room, trying to keep a straight face and we were just cheesing. We watched Family Guy for a while. Then I guess the weed caused me to fade out around 3. 

I woke up that morning around 11. I felt like shit. And I wasn't surprised. I was falling out. I jumped in the shower. I felt like a new man. 

X is alot of fun. I defintely want to hit it again soon.