I consider myself a experienced pot smoker even though I am just in high school, but this trip rocked my socks off. I am starting by telling you my usual preparations which I always do including this time. When I smoke pot it is after school most of the time so I drive home, go upstairs, get into my stash get what I need then head to the bathroom. I almost always roll my joints on the crapper while I crap. I find it very relaxing and I enjoy it. This time was slighty different, I rolled me a great joint, it was fairly large and I was proud and happy, like always after I roll a joint. I had some left over on my yearbook that I use to roll on and I was trying to put it back into the bag but the book slipped off my knee and a fair amout of weed (about enough for a pen sized joint) fell into the toilet. That tore me up bad but I knew it wasnt worth going in after so I was just really pissed at myself, but I lit my joint and burned it and then went into my room and flipped on the television, King of the Hill was on and me being I big fan of Mike Judge I always watch this show when I get home.

By this time I was lifted pretty good but I was still upset about that joint so I decided to roll another one in my room to forget it, I did this and burt this one too and also burnt my fingers and lips a little from running the roach down too far but I could feel the high hit me like a freight train, my ears were pressurized like I was under water my mouth was so dry and I was giggling because of king of the hill. I laid back onto my bed and chilled out, I was looking at the cartoon characters on the flat screen but they were not inside the tv, they were slightly raised about the screen, this caused me to start laughing ridiculously hard, my abs were wore out after what seemed like an hour of laughing but I am sure it was no more than 10 minutes. I dried my eyes and looked at the screen again, they were outside the screen now and pulsing  colors, it was soooo cool and I was happy about my experience so far so I decided to chill some more and see what I thought about. I layed on my bed and closed my eyes, I saw an outline of a body, I thought that it was strange but I was too involved to think much, then I saw pulsing light come from what would be the area of the face where th lips are and I looked at the fingers and they were pulsing too. I realized that I was thinking of me and began laughing again for no real reason. Then as I laughed with my eyes squinted I saw the body and the abs were glowing which made me laugh harder and wrap myself with my arms and the arms started glowing on the body and this went on until I quit laughing which took forever. But when it did the high had already started going and all I needed to do was think and sleep. So I did just that.