Of all the times I tried LSD,  this was truly one of the most beautiful trips.. Where psychedelics were beyond..way beyond...n u all know what I mean when psychedelics take over your mind...

It was 31st night 2005 on a beautiful beach in goa at a trance party , 11:25pm,  when I did my first drop of LSD n nothin happend for about 30 mins so I said might as well do another trip... This time it was a blotter a red heart... 15 mins into it and I was on another plane, cos both trips hit me and came on at the same time....both intensely potent I'd realised...

Wow n wow ...dats all that I could say ... My vision was that like I was looking through a fish bowl, all blurred,  into million dimensions, fairies n pygmies dancing among people, stars shooting millions of them...then came the mad hatter to dance...n it well indeed a mad dance...colours flashing across...the earth and sky were one...I didn't know where I stood...space n time seemed infinte... 

I've written a poetry on this beautiful trip...dat I'd like to share...

			Beautiful Madness

Take a little, 
My mind to run and race
To the heightened sounds of music, 
To a beautiful face
Blue and green all mixed up, 
Spirals of light
Liquefied is the world, 
My sense my sight.

The stars have come to say hello, 
Come to say goodbye
No time no space, leaves have gone up,
No earth no sky
My mind is slipping, slipping away, 
U don't fall
It's slipping and then u hear it, 
Have u heard the call? 

Drown myself in its beautiful madness, 
A long road ahead
Different colored faces, voices keep calling, 
Too much has been said
Only to find myself in the puzzled ball of energy that binds us
Where dances of the unseen 
And visions of the unknown,
Have all flown to dust....

Well n like all other trips it came to an end after a long 15 hrs too beautiful is the drug LSD...these colourful memories r the beautiful things I have stored in my head...a sense of completenes...a sense of infinte lives in this energy ball we all live in.....


Fiona 