I recently bought a San Pedro cactus off an internet source to see if the rumours were true. I peeled off the waxy outerlayer and filleted the green layer from the white. I then froze this until I intended to use it. 
 
About three months later....

I blent up the green into a about two cups of sprite and three squized lemons. 

I drank 6 o/z of the green slime mixed with the sprite.

Suprising 25 minutes later i fell the onset alittle jittery and nauseous.

At about an 1 1/2 hours in I felt warm and calm but I was very hyper and I wanted to explore. I wandered through my neighborhood and laid in a community greenbelt looking up at the stars. The hallucinations were slight but interesting. Then I was hit by a vision. I understood my place in the universe, I saw the way my life was going and how to change it. I needed to Stop dreaming and actually live my dream and do what I really wanted to do with my life. Wow I was blown away and very happy with myself for being able to figure this problem out and make a plan. I also thought wow all this and an 1 1/2 thats when then noises of the desert became alittle to much. I walked back to my house and went inside and started watching some T.V.. 

3 hours in the hallucinations had gone away and I figured I would smoke a bowl to maybe help the hallucinations come back on. I sat for another 30 minutes and realized I was just having out of body experiences. I felt like I was attached to something holy or spirtual, I am not even religious. I then saw how native americans came to their religious beliefs. I was fully able to walk after the O.B.E. still seeing everything move in its own life force. I couldn't believe it, like I was in a cartoon but felt some many emotions at the same time. 

About 6 hours in still hallucinating just watching T.v. and very calm. Still haven't smoked a bowl about to but then, I hear a noise outside. It sounded like someone was breaking in so I when to investigate. I walked out my front garage and found my Parents with a racoon that had been caught in my trap in the back yard. So I went with my mom to relocate it, I felt like I was flying during the drive. Mescaline the only way to fly. Truely amazing...

I let the racoon out feeling like I had liberated it. I road back in complete relaxation but still very hyper. 

I played guitar for the next 7 hours straight. Discovering my flaws and correcting them with no problem at all. I forgot all music that I have ever heard and came up with my own and got entwined in the sounds, I was unable to stop. 

I couldn't sleep that morning, I was to excited about the way my life was going to change. I felt great and Stimulated all day. A week later writing this I feel great still from this experience

Allover a Great experience.