I had been smoking every night for about 6 months, and had started smoking about 8 months before this night. I had had a couple 'bad' highs, the first time I really felt the effects, I flipped out to some degree, but it hadn't happened in quite a long time. 

I had about 3/4 a gram of some herb that I used to pack a bowl with, I got into my normal position, which is just sitting on my floor next to my open window, so I could blow the smoke out of my window, cause the whole thing was very under the radar, not wanting to get caught. Anyways I smoked most the bowl, and realized I could barely even hold the bowl anymore, and that the last 2 or 3 hits I wasn't even aligning the lighter and bowl correctly. I took this as a sign that I probably had smoked enough for the night. 

I must have went through my normal routine of covering everything up and hiding my bowl, but I don't really recall any of it. After this I, to great disappointment, realized that I didn't have my CD player in my room, and was gonna hafta enjoy this high music free. I was getting into bed, and thought I saw lights coming on in the hallway outside my room, which freaked me out, but I tried to remain calm, and go on with going to sleep. I turned out my light got into bed, fully clothed and with a beanie hat on, for some reason, and just sat there. I started to enjoy the music I was listening too, and then realized, there was no music playing, but in my head it was just as real as if I had my CD player on. 

at first I enjoyed it, but for some reason, it suddenly freaked me out, then the beanie I had on felt like just billions of needles all poking into my head, I ripped it off, but immidiatly felt the same sensation all over my body, and took off everything but my boxers. During this my heart had started beating very rapidly, and I began thinking unfavorably of death, and it didn't seem altogether out of the question. 

The music at some point had then turned into voices and noises. I could hear my whole family outside my door, all knowing I was high as a kite, and then I could hear my door knob rattling and shaking, and knew they were all trying to get in my room, I realized I was shaking uncontrollably, and instantly thought that the best way to avoid getting caught was to play that I was asleep. I became very still, and just waited for the door to open, and my family to burst into my room, but it never came. 

I realized none of it was real, and then went through two more similar experiences like the one that had just happened. I finally calmed down, and fell asleep. The odd thing was the next day, I looked back on the experience somewhat favorably, at the time I was terrified, but looking back, I enjoyed it to a degree.