   It was my senior year in high school by which time I was already well versed in the psychoactive drug realm, having been selling and using lsd and mushrooms for some time, when I received a new batch of the same looking mushrooms I always received... 
   Well I always like to eat a few to see how they are before distribution, so I decided to take 3.5 gram, a conservative amount considering I had a high tolerance having consumed 12g before.  So I consumed the mushrooms (raw dog) and went over to a friends party taking a Qp with me.  Almost as soon as I got there I started to feel very strange, maybe a 20 to 25 min time span from ingestion.  Then about five min later the pizza arrives and people start eating it, I was particularly interested in the pizza with green peppers on it because they were  around like snakes!  This is the point when I knew it was going to be heavy after only 30min I was having full visuals.  I then preceded into the garage to drink a few beers with a group of close friends that were attending the party.   This is when I lost all notion of time and being, I started to hallucinate really bad with visions on the oil stained floor and peoples faces were so distorted I had know idea who they were. I fact I didn't know who I was &felt like I was disintegrating one limb at a time people would ask what my name was and I had know idea, luckily I had some good friends who took care of me and kept me out of trouble to an extent, especially with so many people around.   I ended up waking up with little real recollection of the entire night at my friends house , quarter pound short of mushrooms and a strange realization that I had gone beyond any trip I ever had before.  I had apparently sold some mushrooms and given many away but my friends tell that I was complain of people ripping me off by paying me monopoly money and dropping a hundred and some dollars on the ground  and walking away.  Anyway I just wanted to say even a fairly experienced tripper can be caught by surprise if the moons align correctly!