I have always had a curious personality, and when I came to realize what drugs were and how many were out there it was no exception. I have experimented with many drugs including shrooms, cocaine and marijauna. I had been curious about LSD for a long time but was not keen to take it until recently. I had been trying to get a hold of it for about three weeks, and I had made sure that I was going to take it with my friend that was experienced in tripping. I had also made sure that I would be at my house and in a safe environment because of the bad stories I had heard about LSD. My mom had even told me that the one time that she tripped, her entire trip she had thought she was dead. So one of my friends had a friend who at the 420 festival in Tennessee near where I live got a hold of some LSD. I called my friend and we bought the LSD. We each took 3 hits around midnight. It took about two hours to begin to feel the effects. 

I noticed that it wasn't like alot that I have heard. I began to get emotional and tell my friend that I loved him, and that I needed him... (I had felt this for a while but could not tell him, and the acid helped). After I got that out, I began to see everything begin to breathe and move. I had bags of clothes in my room and they were changing shapes, becoming animals and planes and such. For about five minutes straight my friend and I rolled around on my bed laughing and all I could say was 'I love you'. It was all feeling, I could not put words to it. Everything was talking to me, but it wasnt in words or formulated thoughts, it was just something I knew and felt. I also felt like I was in my friend's thoughts, and he was in mine. I also looked in the mirror, and I saw myself for who I really am and there are no words to that. 

Around six in the morning I looked out my window for what felt like the first time. I cried because the mist on the pond was so beautiful. We ventured out of my room and put on the movie 'The Lord of the Rings'... The animated one. That movie was so great. The hobbits eyes were so expressive, and the singing was hilarious. Throughout the trip I kept feeling so happy. We went outside to smoke a cigarette and it was exhausting to look at the bright day, and I felt like my trip was over and ten minutes later when the wizards were in space, I realized it wasn't. Halfway through the movie, another one of my friends stopped by and he looked so odd while I was tripping. We stepped outside with this guest and smoked a bowl of marijauna with him. It was very hard to hold a conversation with him while I was tripping and he wasn't. I also noticed that one of the bushes looked very fake, like it was made of plastic.

My mom woke up, and it was also very hard to be around her while I was tripping. It was almost as if we spoke different languages. She sent us to the grocery store, and it was an adventure all in its own. Around two o'clock in the afternoon my friend left, and I was still tripping. I walked to my neighbor's apt and we smoked a joint, and I stepped onto his balcony and asked him why no one had ever let me outside before. I decided that I needed to wander around and went and sat on my steps and looked at the woods. The trees were dancing and waving and breathing and singing. A bird flew by and I saw every second that it passed.

I wondered out loud if anything was real, and proceeded to reach out and rip a hole in the world. This scared me so I went back inside. I had been tripping for about thirteen hours at this point and felt very alone and sad that my friend had left me. I began to talk to my mom and she kept saying things that hurt my feelings so at five in the afternoon I decided to go to sleep. I was talking on the phone to my friend and was crying because I was alone. It had began to go bad. Everything was still moving and I was exhausted. I fell asleep, but was awoken by my phone ringing. I had a two minute conversation and I was still tripping. I finally fell back to sleep. 

I don't remember my dreams from the first two nights after tripping but I have been able to recall every dream since then. I am very eager to try this again because I felt very at peace and understanding throughout the trip. I was also very happy. It was and still is very hard to describe fully what I felt because that's exactly what it was, feelings. It wasn't thoughts it was feelings. The visuals were not what I expected, but it was a journey.