Let me preface this by saying I am not an avid drug user. I DO NOT smoke marijuanna, I drink occasionally, I do not do ANY other drugs.

When first offered X, I refused it, naturally. I had no interest in taking it. At all. Recently a good friend of mine asked if I would 'roll' with him, in the saftey of his house. I agreed.

I started with one pill, a blue 'double-stack' (supposedly twice the size of a normal pressed pill) with the impression of a dolphin. It took almost an hour to hit, which I have read is normal. As soon as I knew I had started to feel it, I had 'peaked'.....

OH MY GOD. I have never felt so good in my entire life. I was relaxed. In a GREAT mood. Just the movement of my arms felt wonderful. The movement of my chest as I took in air felt wonderful. EVERYTHING was perfect.

He suggested we put on some music (he was 'rolling' also). We are both huge trance fans, so we put on our favorite 3 hour trance mix. Music never sounded so good. I sat there with my head down, moving to the music. I felt like I was part of the song. Like the song was a soundtrack to how I was feeling at that exact moment. I could physically feel every beat. Every word being sung.

A while later he brought out some glow-sticks he has attached to some shoe-strings. Being an experienced 'raver', he proceeded to perform a light show for me. The glow-sticks were no longer sticks attached to shoestrings. They became this pulsating, ever-changing, living body of light. Above, below, side-to-side, light. A moving stick of light became a long infinite swril of color. What I found even more thrilling was when I took over and moved the lights around for him. I could move the the music, listen, watch the lights, and do something that amazed him. I got great satisfaction knowing it was me who was 'tripping' him out.

Like I said earlier, being an experienced X user, he knew all of the tricks and cool things to do on X. He told me to lay on the ground on my stomache, I did. He says 'Now, this isn't any gay shit, but I'm gonna give you a back rub, trust me, you'll love it'. So, in a non-gay (lol) way, he proceeded to rub my back, shoulders, and head. Leaving me in a state of relaxation I had never experienced before. It was weird. It made me SO relaxed, almost to the point to fall asleep, but I the experience kept me awake.

Throughout the night, we did a bunch of other cool things, like a thing called a 'cloud nine' (with the help of his girlfriend), used Vicks inhalers, and used the lights more.

Over the course of the night, we did a total of 3 1/2 pills each. With each new pill, throwing me into a deeper roll.

The following day I did feel a little under the weather, but by the day after, I felt fine. 100%.

It really was a great experience, that I will probably try again, but not any time soon. I'll wait at least a few months before trying it again.

So, if you're looking for a conclusion to this long submission, here it is: Ecstacy really is a wonderful drug.