I recently had my first experience with Ecstacy, and it was life altaring.

It was about 8 o clock on a saturday night when I first took the pill. I was sitting in my friends room with friends play video games, chilling listening to music with blacklights and neon lights everywhere.  About a half hour passed and I didnt feel much different but I could tell it was coming.  About 9 o clock, it hits me hard, and I'm just sitting there listening to music and chilling.  I was the only one rolling so when everyone noticed me there were laughing and I just wanted to hug them all.  I started feeling like my friends were the best thing to ever happen to me.  About 10 minutes after it hits me,  we deicided to walk to the next town over and hang out with some kids.  So I got my Ipod. And started riding my bike.

I got about half way there and I saw like 20 of my friends all sitting in cars on my friends front lawn,  I went up to them and they all started hugging me and rubbing my head and this girl gave me this spinning light show for the ride there,  I was ridding down the rode listening to the gorrilaz and staring at the light show, and it was the most intense ride of my life,  I loved everything, I didnt care about one thing, all I cared about was my music.  I finally get there and we go to this fort in the woods,  theres about 10 kids there all just hanging out, smoking,  having a good time, I just got up and went out side the first and danced and ran around for an hour and it was so much fun,  I hugged a lot of people and it made me really happy.  Its now about 11 and we go back to my friends house to meet up with him,  I'm still rolling pretty hard.  We get there and I give him a hug and he says'Fuck you! I'm so jelous!' and we just laughed.  He turns off the lights and puts on an amazing playlist for the night,  and I just take my spinning light show and start dancing, I didnt care who was looking or how dumb I looked, all I knew was I was having an amazing time.

At about 11 30, I was coming down a tiny bit but still have the time of my life,at this point I started grinding my teeth, so my friend gave me some gum to chew on because he said thats the worst thing to be doing.  So at about 12 o clock everyones gone except me and two of my friends one passed out and the other with a joint in his hand, he comes up to me and says 'wanna go smoke this?'  so we go in his backyard and me and him are just talking smoking a nice joint having a really chill time,  at that point my roll started to come back because everything was just so chill and so easy going.  Everything went right.  At about 1 o clock I started coming down again,  I was coming down very smoothly and I didnt crash at all.  But I still felt like going out and having a good time with friends.  

  This drug was life altaring,  after my experience, I think a lot more and understand things a lot better, it made me realize the good in everything.  