Title: A Head Full of Acid in Class
Date: March 30th 2006

Well, I got a sweet acid hook-up~! I bought 5 tabs for myself and went to my girlfriends place as soon as I could get there. We said we would trip together... The situation is this: 

I've done acid once before, plently of experience with mushrooms... 
...she has done mushrooms twice before, not the best experiences.. Never done acid. She lives really close to her university, and has her own place. 

It's 3:30 and we decided to pop the tabs. We have 1 each. She has class at 7 at night, we thought by then the acid would start to leave us... We were very wrong! 

Upcoming buzz was minimal to nothing, couldn't feel the acid working at all. I thought it was bad stuff, and we almost took another hit 2 hours after nothing had happend. 

It wasn't until 3 hours after we took the hit when we started to feel the effects... At this point I was biking my girlfriend to her class, which I said I would attend... It's a lecture room with about 200 other students. The class was for sociology.. Anyways, by the time I'm in her class and sitting down I'm starting to trip out. 

I couldn't help but notice all the patterns... Each brick was perfect, the layout of the lights, everything in the room was tripping me out. I didn't have very many visuals however, they were kept to a minimal the whole time. Though, I could feel the acid working ... 

I can't believe my girlfriend had to sit through the whole class taking notes, I was tripping harder and harder as I thought about what I was thinking about. I then realized I was in control of the acid. The harder I wanted to trip, the harder I did. A video was put on the wall for the class to watch, it was 40 minutes long... There was a point where I was watching the doctor speak... And his face would slowly start morphing into a frog, I shit you not. It was incredible... Then all those bricks on the walls began dancing a bit, forming straight lines that went into the ground. That is where I hallucinated the most. 

The whole class was 2.5 hours long. 
During the lecture I put my headphones on and tripped out to Mars Volta ... Listened to the whole CD, without a clue to what the teacher was talking about. 

There were times where I thought my girlfriend could read my mind, and her friend who was sitting to my left could hear me when I was whispering... I also came up with 'Acid is the key, and your head is the car. The key can turn the car on, but you have to be the one to drive it.' ... I had many many many thoughts in my head, and I could hardly contame them all. 

Once I got out of the class I felt like I was free... At times I was sitting in the same spot for so long, I would begin to wonder when the last time I had moved my body was... There were many bricks that had intense designs and patterns I really wanted to look at... But iddn't have much time to. The bike ride home was awesome, I felt like I was floating..and could bike VERY fast without it feeling like I was pedaling at all. 

At home my girlfriend and I spoke about our trips...hers wasn't all that exciting since she was taking notes the whole time. I wouldn't shut up about mine... Was smoked a bunch of bowls and watched the family guy movie. It wasn't until 4:30 am when I started to feel tired... 

All in all it was a really good and fun acid trip... Though we are gonna dose again this coming saturday with 2 or 3 friends and take at least 2 tabs each. We have a hospital nearby and a few fun places to check out while tripping.