A friend of mine from school had been telling me about 'K' for a couple months and I'd never really had a true desire to try the stuff. I figured it was probably just the new popular drug that kids my age were doing. I'm strictly a weedsmoker. The only other drugs I'd tried until ketamine were mushrooms, oxycontin, and coke. Bad experience with oxy, not much of a coke fan, but I enjoyed shrooms quite a bit. The friend who had suggested it to me had never really gone into detail about what a ketamine trip was like. He just told me that it's an incredible feeling, lasts for about 45 minutes, and coming down from it is real easy.

I drive over to my friend Curtis's house at about midnight(different friend). This kid I smoke with along with two others just about every night. The four of us usually meet up after we're done hanging out with our girlfriends or non-smoker friends. One always has weed, due to the fact that he's made an occupation out of it. But, he, as well as the other member were absent, so me and Curtis decided to meet up with a character we both knew who owed him some money. We pick him up, go get a bag, and park in Curtis's driveway at about 12:30am. 

Our friend in the backseat offered us some K, seeing as how he still owed Curtis some money, but was broke. Curtis and I looked at each other with evil grins on our faces, knowing that it would probably be an eventuful night. Neither of us had tried it before. Curtis ran in his house to get a flat square piece of glass, perfect for ripping lines. I was a little hesitant about trying it at first, but then I thought about what I'd hear about the trip only lasting for 45 min., so I figured if I didn't like it, I could always just smoke that blunt and wait it out (just like I did when I tried coke for the first time)

We decided to take the K before smoking the weed, even though our friend told us it wouldn't matter anyway because 'K overpowers any drug!'

We set up four lines, Curtis took his two and then passed me the stuff. All he said was 'Hmm, it's kinda chilly.' I laughed at that strange statement, put the dollar bill to my nose, leaned down and inhaled quickly. Not bad, I thought. Took the second line smoothly, passed the glass to my friend in the back, reclined my seat back a little, put on some Pink Floyd and waited.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

After what seemed like approximately ten minutes, I started feeling a little strange. Curtis started rolling the blunt, my other friend broke up the weed, and I asked them if it would be cool if I drove around for a little bit, just until the shit started hitting me a little more. Curtis said 'Go for it, man..' but my other friend said he thought it wasn't such a good idea. I told him that I felt alright and I would be completely fine to drive. I backed out of the driveway and I realized that my attitude had changed. I suddenly became a little more confident in myself, almost cocky. Curtis told me he had began feeling a little something. Whatever statements our friend made, Curtis and I would sort of automatically disagree with for no apparant reason and laugh silently back and forth to each other. It was a fun little game or something. Driving was awesome. I made every turn with tight precision. 

When we got back to the driveway, Curtis got out of the car to talk to some kids that were in front of his house. He came back about five minutes later and said to me 'Dude! You gotta go outside!'. I laughed and replied 'Why?!', and he said 'It's fucking awesome, just go man!' Our friend in the back said something like I told you guys this shit was cool. At this point it was approximately 12:45am.

I got out of the car, walked out into the street and looked around. The first thing I noticed was that everything was soft of, slanted. Everything was at a different angle than usual. The feeling was phenomenal. The streetlights bugged me out quite a bit. To me, it seemed like they were some sort of alien or robot beings sent to earth to protect the lives of humans. I felt like that kid in the movie The Neverending Story when he's about to pass those two gigantic statue things(the Southern Oracle?) and they shoot lasers down at him, just missing him as he gets past them. 

Then, for some reason, I emptied all the garbage out of my pockets and put it down into the sewers, as if I had something to hide, even though I didn't.

Next I walked along the sidewalk, which was slanted, kind of like a fun house or some shit. I stopped when I got to this fence made of metal bars with sharp points at the top. This is when I got a sort of Alice-in-wonderland kind of feeling. When I took a first look at the fence, it seemed to be taller than me, I thought I was looking up at it. I turned my head the other way and looked back at my car, then when I turned my head to look at the fence again it was a lot shorter. I was then looking down at it. This feeling got me a little nervous but it was still a pretty cool feeling. I was kind of aware that I was tripping, but I would keep forgetting, and then remembering again. 

After the fence I tried my best to walk in a straight line back to my car. Got in, looked at Curtis and said 'You were right man, I actually like this stuff a lot.' We all laughed and sparked that blunt. 

While sitting in my car I started having all these realizations about life and about my own existance and personality. I wasn't sure if that particular feeling was a good one or a bad one, it was just a sort of neutral numbness. I was more than okay with it, so I guess it was a good feeling. I then attempted to analyze the high. It felt as if I had made an awesome new friend. An interesting, enlightening, unpredictable, intense, yet comforting friend. I had this sort of 'everything's gonna be alright' feeling.

The ketamine didn't seem to overpower the weed or anything. I was still able to get that comfortable weed-high. If anything, the weed calmed us down a little, but at the same time I still felt the K for a good half hour more. After listening to the entire Dark Side of the Moon album(which seemed to provide us with some general enlightenment), I departed from my friends and drove home fine. Ate a snack and fell asleep to a movie.

I havn't done K since that night, which was about three or four weeks ago. I probably will again. All I can say is that it is now my second favorite drug, weed being first of course. But, I can honestly say that I underestimated this drug quite a bit. It was a lot better than I thought it would be. I've heard of people getting trapped in 'K holes' from doing large doses. I don't know about any of that shit but, a couple bumps of this stuff is enough to give me an awesome feeling. 

It's hard to compare ketamine to any other drug that I've tried. I've heard people say it's kind of like acid, only not as terrifying, but I've never tried acid, so I wouldn't know. But, if I had to describe it to someone, I'd say it's kind of like a mix between being drunk and on some good shrooms, minus the spinning or headaches from alcohol or occasional paranoia from shrooms.

Ketamine was a nice switch up to things, a little something new, unlike any other drug, I'd say go with 'K'.

Be safe though, don't lose the person you truly are.

Peace.