##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

This report is about my very first mushroom trip ever. I am 16 and I am an avid pot smoker and used to snort ecstacy until it fucked me up to much. But other than that I've never been in the 'void' of a psychedelic drug like LSD-25,Dmt,2-CE or Mushrooms until one day during the Christmas holidays.

It was during this time that I went through a life changing spiritual shift, in a horrible way. I had got lots of money for Christmas and at the time I was a fiend for marijuana so I spent hundreds on it. I had 250 dollars in the bank, so I bought a half ounce of pot and some ecstasy and shrooms within a time period of a few weeks.

The night I took my first shroom trip was at my friend Steven's party with a bunch of interesting people. Many where just a bunch of drop out teen drug addicts. It was still early and it was just me and Steve around 8:00pm with only a few people around. 

So it was pretty slow around the house and boring, I had a thought that instead of buying some weed today for the party I should get some shrooms. So I did and I ate then immediately.

The next thing I remember was EXTREME tracers when I moved my head to look some where and when I moved my arms everything had a little trail following it. But when I realised I was fucked It was too late to remember the time or where or who I was everything was chaos and it was craziness. I remember saying 'Lets all have fun' YAYAYAYA lets all have fun' . Then I noticed I was acting very odd and every one was starting at me and saying that theyer were never going to try shrooms. Then Steve told me to the fuck up and so did a few other people. 

So then that's when I snapped back into myself and realised where I was and I was just trying to figure out what the heck was going on in this crazy melting colorful horrifically yet excitingly transformed world. So the only thing that felt natural was to just go home and see if I could maybe gather my head together there. But it was too risky and no one would let me out of the house. So I just ran around the house laying on the bed, then getting up and then running around, then laying back on the bed, out of my freaking mind totally insane tripping balls.

I just started laying on that bed and thinking I was going to die and all that crap... But I thought about things that were to unusual to describe in words it was like the nature of a dream how you cant totally describe what it was like to be there, I can only describe what it looked like.

Eventually I felt myself coming back to baseline and was happy it was all over. Now I was just seeing things slowly melt and move, unlike before when the walls and everything was just swooshings and bending and going crazy it was too much earlier.
I definitely wasn't prepared my first time.

Ever since then I have tripped 3 more times and had a good time. I have also done ecstasy a few times and fucked myself up. Ever since that christmas holiday I've never been the same. I'm sure its the ecstasy not the shrooms because shrooms are more enlightening afterwords not depressing. 

I wish a week didn't seem like 4 years. I'm going to do shrooms again soon at another freinds party. And this time I will respect the shrooms and go with the experience.