I took the hits around 7 p.m. on a perfect spring day.  About 20-25 of us were hanging out in a field waiting for it to kick in.  After 30 minutes, I started to get an ongoing rush in my chest, and I went across the field to my friends house and jumped on his trampoline for awhile.

Once I got off the trampoline, I started to feel pretty weird.  I met up with my dealer so I could buy another hit for later.  Me, him, and one other person took off on bikes.  My dealer stopped and looked at me and when he turned around he looked very wavy and he told me to give him the money.  For a second I thought he was robbing me, but of course, he was just going to get the stuff.

Me and the other kid sat on the curb waiting for him.  While I waited I looked down at the curb next to me and one of the stones there turned into an ant, and then another did, and another, until the ants were crawling all over me.  I started brushing them off and eventually they soaked back into the cement.

On the way back to the rest of the people, we took the train tracks.  As I walked along, I started to hear the increasingly obnoxious crunching of my feet on the coal, only when I looked down, I saw piles of brightly colored glass.  I didn't want to get a flat tire, so I picked up my bike.  We got to the end of the tracks and we had to climb down a small hill.  I got to the edge and slipped.  I started to slide down on the glass, but once I reached the end, I was fine,  I never even fell.

Eventually we made our way to another friends house, and after a little while, everybody showed up.  We put in The Wall, and fell into a deep couch.  As soon as the first note was played, I got burst of air in my face.  I leaned over towards my friend and it seemed like the wall of the living room followed me, and I could now see through it.  Another kid walked in, who wasn't tripping, and he sat in the front.  The DVD player shorted out, and without saying anything about it we all yelled at the kid that just walked in.  He stood up and everybody started to make fun of him.  He was really just trying to fix the movie, but I thought he was trying to act like daffy duck and put on a comedy skit.

After that was over we went for a walk.  Me and three others split off from the huge group and went our old middle school.  We sat for there and just tripped face for about an hour, then we decided to go back to the house.  We came to a hill that led down to the road, but we were all afraid to go down.  I decided it would be best to get it over with and jumped in.  I quickly jumped right back out because I thought the tall grass was stabbing me all over.  We found a path down, and we walked the sidewalk back to the house, and on the way, me and my one friend dodged across the street right in front of a cop, but for some reason, he didn't say anything.

When we got back, we just sat around watching horror movies while we were coming down, because it turned out to be Friday the 13th.  Needless to say, that was the craziest night I experienced up to that point.