I am 6'2, 180 pounds and in perfect health. Well I was recently in Asia and I picked up some high quality powdered ketamine from a source for a good price, I couldn't wait to try it out.

My first experience with the ketamine I had recieved was in Indonesia, me and a few friends rented a cabin-like building for dirt cheap. I cut open a bag full of ketamine and seperated about 200 mg from the 1G bag. I then split it into two lines and railed them both through a straw. I was excited and waited on my bed for the effects to come on... I waited for about 5 minutes when I noticed something begin to creep up on me, I looked around anxious for visuals, or something to tell me the trip was on its way. Before I knew it I had my eyes closed and I was in a completely different world!, my whole body was disconnected from physical feeling and emotional feeling.. I was flying through a world that was completely white, just a huge white room and I was flying around it in circles, then as what I assumed to be a car going past my window(in real life) I saw myself as a ball of energy spinning in a circle faster and faster as the car got closer, then when the car was right next to my window the engergy ball(me) exploded and I was left in a jungle. I looked behind me to see an army of creatures clad in the same plate mail as me, and looking eagerly at me. Then I charged foward into the opposing army and I saw my self slashing heads off of monsters and humans. BAM!, wtf the energy ball again, this time it happened in an instant. I was now a footsoldier for some militia in a rainforest, I was in a building built high in a tree and I was pouring lead down on some savages with an assault rifle.. I did this for awhile then the car came again, the energy ball spun and spun and exploded once the car had drove right next to my window. I thought to myself WOW!!!!I can create anything I want out of this white room and the energy ball. I thought about the white room, and I was there. 

I could mold this room into ANYTHING! I put my mind into, My mind was completely free in everyway possible. My mind was 100% freely my own, I could control it and do anything I willed. The only thing I noticed while all this was happening was my emotion was non-existant, I had NO emotion whatsoever. I thought of me and my girlfriend having casual sex on a beach, I liked it and saw it vividly in my head, but without the emotion attached. 

During the experience I opened my eyes three times to see if I had an open eye visuals, none were to be seen but it looked as if everything I was looking at had a little more detail, and I had drunk vision(without the blurriness) kinda like high dose DXM.

This was the most amazing thing I have ever seen, and it all just finished 30 minutes ago.. My vision is still fucked somewhat, and my emotion is still non existant, but I am able to type fairly well and move decently. The main part of the experience lasted 1 hour and then my body slowly regained its 'feeling'. I am about to do another ketamine experience in a few hours, maybe 50mg more than the previous experience.

Ketamine is powerfull and amazing. I didn't get any sickness while on ketamine as some people bitch about.

RR