My first psychedelic mushroom experience occurred on Sunday, June 11th, 2006. It lasted roughly four hours, not counting the after-effects, which lasted roughly three or four more hours.

Both I and my girlfriend ingested 2 grams of mushroom material each in the form of a tea. We ate the soggy mushroom bits after drinking the tea. At first, not knowing what to expect, I sat around waiting for the walls to melt. Instead, when nothing happened, I decided to go for a walk.

This is when it kicked in. We were climbing a hill when several of the larger rocks started swirling (their surfaces, at least). P, my girlfriend, did not notice this, but she noticed that everything seemed... Well... Odd, and bright. Out of place.

We talked, for a while, to a friend of P's that we met when we crested a hill that led onto a road. She had been riding a bicycle, and for some reason I couldn't help but imagine that it was alive. It seemed to be watching me.

After she left, we continued and climbed a small mountain (easy going, not too much work, and relatively safe). Here, we rested.

I kept screaming 'It's so big! Everything is so BIG!!!'

The scenery was ethereal, fantastical. It was beautiful, but in an epic, immaterial, and dreamlike way. I loved it. The clouds were radiant, and the sun was setting in the far distance, but they seemed rather eerie, in a manner I can't seem to put to words. At this point, we decided to head back to my house.

We spent the rest of the trip proper in the confines of my room, except when I walked her home.

While in my room, we talked and just chilled, watching the unpredictable scenery.

Unfortunately for me, things turned a bit sour. I got scared and panicky, which led me to believe that my family was out to get me. I looked out the door of my room and into the hallway where my brother was standing. He was very scary, and he was angry at me for something, so I retreated back into the haunted sanctitude of my room.

I thought I was going insane at one point, and needed my similarly overwhelmed (perhaps moreso, with her smaller body weight - about half of mine) - yet much more calm girlfriend to calm me down with soft, reassuring touches, friendly noises, grapes, and then a back massage.

Overall, it was GREAT, and it blew my mind. I can't really explain it in a different way, it was inconstant and hard to explain even to my fellow tripper.