I've never really experimented a lot with drugs beyond weed. I've tried shrooms and salvia divinorum, but that was it. Last night I decided to take the X that my sister got for me a few days ago. It was a tiny little pill, pink and with a heart on it. I had another pill that I let my friends split. It was red and we couldn't make out the design on it, it just looked like cracks or lines.

I swallowed the pill at 7:47 pm. I hadn't eaten much beforehand and I wasn't under the influence of anything. My two friends had taken their half of the other pill 15 minutes before me and were not yet feeling anything. I didn't feel anything until about 8:30 pm. I got up to fill up a cup with water and I felt like I was very stoned. I knew I was coming up so I just relaxed and sat down in the chair and listened to some music. Suddenly I got this HUGE grin on my face and this feeling kind of like when I'm REALLY stoned and my hands and feet feel tingly and just really cool... like I want to touch everything. 

I sat there playing with some glowsticks, waving them back and forth or just bending them in different shapes. This was pretty damn amusing, I thought, and I don't think I set those glowsticks down for very long the rest of the night. I peaked rather quickly, I guess. The peak was pretty strong, but it only lasted a couple minutes. I felt a little queasy and disoriented, then I just hit a plateau of a good, sensual feeling.

I felt like talking about 'deep' topics so I started discussing religion, spirituality, etc. I just really wanted to talk a lot because it felt nice to have my mouth moving. I became extremely sentimental, which is almost embarrassing because I am *not* a mushy, lovey-dovey type of person. I had to take quite a few bathroom breaks, which was fun for me because I loved staring at myself in the mirror. My eyes were wide open and my pupils were enormous. I had the happiest look on my face and I thought I looked frickin adorable :P

This all went on for the next 4 hours or so. I was very happy, finding it hard to get upset about things, and I just wanted to cuddle or make out. As I was coming down around 12:30 am, I smoked a few hits of some NL/Haze and it brought me back to what I thought was a peak. I felt an overwhelming rush, it was strange, and almost uncomfortable. I felt incredibly stoned plus the rush from the X, so it was pretty confusing as to what exactly I was feeling. At times I didn't know what I was saying or what I was doing or trying to do. I was pretty much out of it.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

These feelings lasted until around 3:30 in the morning. As I drove home that night, I was rather impaired. I've driven while under the influence of weed or alcohol several times before but this was different. I had to drive very slowly and I was paranoid every time a car passed me, I thought I might wreck. I'm saying this because I do NOT recommend driving under the influence of X or X mixed with weed, or anything for that matter! When I got home I tried to eat, but I just felt sick when I did. I was actually pretty tired so I went to lay down. Falling asleep was very weird. My mind was wide awake but I could tell that my body was dead asleep. I finally fell asleep and when I woke up, my heart was beating pretty fast and my body was kind of trembling. I had a little headache today but nothing bad. I just feel really mellowed out and calm today.

I'd definitely try X again, but I want to get an upper because I think my pill was a downer. It wasn't nearly as intense as most people have made it out to be, but then again it may have just been the type of X I took. 