My most amazing high happened around the first times I did it.  My third time was the greatest.  I was going to a concert with my couzin.  On our way there we smoked some hits on the little hitter thingy.  I was a little buzzed.  
    
When we got there (4hours before the concert) it was raining, and we were second in line!  To pass the time we took turns smoking the bowl in the car.  I had brought my own weed (about 1 1/2 grams), which was supposed to be special cuz it was from canada ( I dont know, I was persuaded)           . 
    
When I got in the car and smoked my share, there was like nothing left.  I dont even remember how many hits I got.  I just kept them coming, cuz I wanted to get sooooo high.  
    
I remember my last hit, cuz it HURT.  I sucked in sooo much smoke. I started to cough really bad for about 10 minutes straight.  The worst part was, this is the point where my high started kicking in.  So everything was slow.  Every time I coughed. The pain was four times as long and noticably detailed.  It felt like someone was brushing my esophagus with a toothbrush made of knifes. I needed water quick! 
     
I needed water quick. Everytime I tried to say absolutley anything I would cough and my eyes got soooo watery it looked like I was baawling.  I was absolutley high as an airplane at this time. I was sitting still the whole time. Everytime I would slightly move, it was like I had just entered realitly again. And then wen I stopped moving, I was in a dream.
     
This is wen I started getting taken advantage of.  The couple that was with me (my cousins friends) in the car noticed I was extrmely high.  And they asked if I wanted to have a 3some with them, to see if since I was high I would have a different answer.  I said no, cuz I was thinking too much.
      
Then my cousin and her boyfriend came in the car and everyone else.  They all noticed I was high and kept asking me questions and laughing at me.  
      
My cousin said she was hungry.  And for some odd apparent reason I offered to go get her something from the coffee shop.  So here I am, high as a kite, not knowing wat is going on, a little girl walking the streets of chicago in the rain, about a block down the street (where I am out of site of my friends) getting some food.
      
So while I was walking I could feel my legs go sooo fast. I was a speedy walker.  Wen I crossed the street I hardly looked both ways. And finally made it to the shop.  After I picked out a brownie and this wierd cranberries crumble thing, I realized that while I was paying the cashier I had the umbrella over my head the whole time.  I just forgot to take it down wen I went in.  So it was too late.  I didnt even bother taking it down by this time.
      
Wen I got back I gave my cousin her food and then got back in line for the concert.  While I was waiting I couldnt tell if time was going by fast or slow.  I didnt say a word the whole time.  I just stared  in the same place the whole time.  But while I was waiting I was listening to this guy (who was clearly drunk) keep saying the same thing over and over again.  It was like 'your the greatest man' or something like that.  And it was getting annoying.  So I found myself bursting out 'shut up!' and he did.  Wow that was random from the girl who doesnt say anything. 
     
Finally it was time to go in.  I found myself getting pushed and I almost fell into this 1 foot puddle.  So we got in and I was checked.  My cousin told me to run to the front row.  And I ran. I felt so stupid. Cuz I didnt really know wut I was doing. And the guard yelled at me for running.  So I started walking awkwardly fast.  But I made it! My cousin and her friends were ever so proud! Lol
     
During the music of keller and umphrey's, I found myself dancing so blissfully.  My fore arms resting on the gate. My head waving back and forth in the air.  I couldnt stop my self.  For a while I had closed my eyes. And everything was just going on and I was just there and it was magical music flowing through my head.  I couldnt make myself stop dancing.  I noticed that even wen the songs were done I was still swaying.  It looked kind of wierd (I noticed after a wehile)
      
Finally wen the concert was over my cousin gave me 20 bucks to get a cd.  But she forgot to tell me where u get them!  So I am still fricking high at this time! And I'm walking around aimlessly asking random peolpe and guards where u get the cd's.  It was pointless, cuz I didnt understand wat any of them said so I just said ok thanks! And asked someone else.  Wen I actually got to the counter I didnt know wut to ask them for. Ii almost accidently bought a shirt.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

But we got the cd. Drove home. Got some mcdees. I had a french fry.  And fell asleep int he car.  I got home finally.  But I REEKED!  I just told my dad that people were dropping their cigarettes on my jacket.  That was useless, because he later found out I smoked pot. And I continued to. The end