First Time Tripping

Two nights ago I tripped for the first time ever, and it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. I had been wanting to trip for a while with these friends of mine and we were finally able to get a hold of some mushrooms. We all decided to meet at my one friends house at around 6:30... once we all showed up, we hung out for about 15 mins and then decided it was time to try them. My friend had an eighth for himself, and split another one between me and my other friend, and then he split another eighth for my other friend. He then used the remaining half and split it amongst me and my two friends. It was all of our first time tripping except for the guy. We decided to eat them with peanut butter which worked well because I didn't taste the mushrooms at all.

After about 10-15 minutes of eating them, we went outside to talk/wait for them to kick in. I was a little nervous about getting a bad trip, but I was trying to control my mood as much as possible to avoid getting one. About 30 minutes later, my friend who ate a full eighth started to feel it kicking in. My and the other first timers were starting to get a little anxious/excited because we didnt know what he was experiencing. About 10 minutes later it kicked in for all of us. We went back inside to go to my friends room and listen to music. There were bright colors all around her room. We stayed in her room for a little while, and then decided we should go to the park. We passed by her parents in the living room who knew we were tripping but thought it was funny. They were the most laid back parents I'd ever met.

So the walk to the park felt like the longest walk of my life. The trees were amazing to look at and it felt like everything around me was alive. I was seeing things I never noticed before, and I was really starting to appreciate nature. Everything looked like a set for a movie or something... the trees didnt look real, it all just looked like a movie set or something. We finally arrived at a field near our old high school. It wasn't too far from my friends house. We decided to lay on a hill for a little while and just take everything in. I looked up at the sky and I could see Jimi Hendrix face in one of the clouds. They all started to come together and form a pattern that looked like a pattern inside a kaleidoscope. It was spinning in circles and I remember this leaving a profound feeling in me. I looked across the field and all the flowers would rise up at the same time. Then I looked at the pathway and it was turning different colors and getting wider and thinner. 

I remember feeling so connected with my one friend who brought the shrooms, because we had planned on tripping before. I just felt a large mix of emotions... I thought about EVERYTHING. We ended up being outside for 3 hours and then walked back to her house. Once we got there I went upstairs to use her bathroom. I first stared at myself in the mirror for almost 10 minutes. Features on my face were moving and I saw myself in such a differnt light. I looked into my eyes and saw my soul. It sounds lame, but it happened. 

I think I had the perfect first trip experience. I am so glad I decided to try shrooms... it was nice to see the world in a different perspective. Even today I feel a little changed after having experienced all of that.