Hello, this is Jordan. I am not going to tell you about the full acid trip because there are plenty of other trips written up online that describe the same basic stuff. So I want to share the unique part of my experience. I was at a friends house and took one dose from a blotter paper at 9:00am to start the trip.

Sometime deep into the climax of my LSD intoxication I was sitting in a living riving on a wooden chair. For some reason I was looking at another chair sitting somewhere in the middle of the room. This chair was a computer desk chair, a chair with four wheels and spins. It was facing me. However, I imagine the description is not too important. So, I was looking at this chair when I noticed something very odd. Everything started to rotate. I wasn't moving, but everything I was looking at, in example the chair, was rotating in all directions from one point. This startled me a little bit because I was seeing the backside of the chair, even though the FRONT was facing me. [NO, the chair itself was not moving!] The rotation speed seemed to speed up until I realized that I was seeing the chair, and the rest of the room, at every possible three-dimensional angle at once. It is extremely hard for me to describe what seeing the chair and the rest of the room from every possible angle was like.

Everything was sort of meshed and took on irregular shapes that I would never have been able to comprehend before seeing them. It did NOT look like a bunch of different images layered over each other. It was almost as if my vision was bending around each object. But seeing the chair from every angle made me realize that there was more to it, much more to it. By that point I realized I was not only seing the chair in every possible three-dimentional angle, but I was also seeing more of the chair than was ever there in three dimensions. It was almost as if everything I was seeing imploded and exploded and retained original shape at the the same time, yet meshed into one shape that still has me baffled. The chair that normally looked so straight and so symetrical was now a complete mess. It was like...it was EVERYWHERE. But everything else in the room was everywhere too! What I thought was everywhere before didn't seem to exist because everywhere took on a new meaning. I also began to feel like I was being...pulled. Pulled isn't the right word though, because the feeling I am trying to describe I never thought existed. It was sort of like being pulled by gravity, but not just down, in every direction. And in other directions that I didn't know existed. And every part of my body down to each atom felt like it was being pull in every direction plus the directions that I didn't think existed. Again, remember I am trying to be careful with the word pull because it really wasn't the same. But it was as if I taking up new space. Space that I've never felt before perhaps. 

I have not been able to get over what I saw. I don't know if I actually saw in 4 dimensions, but what I saw was not at all normal.