It was a lazy Sunday when I convinced my girlfriend and myself to take 1 pill each of these pink pigs. My close friends had raved that this was many times better than cannabis, which I loved. We were going to live together for the whole school year, and this was the second day of her moving in. We had had our anniversary just the day before, and decided to celebrate by having a fun filled day of eating out and cuddling on the couch. My goal was that this experience would be a loving and memorable experience for my girlfriend and I. My secondary goal was to sort the issues involved in some of our frequent fights. I knew mdma held keys to both these goals.

I began by giving myself and my gf a multivitamin one hour before taking the pill.
After one hour, I brought out the pills, and we both swallowed one which tasted horrible. 

T 0:15 There was a noticeable difference in reality. I was definitely nervous of the effects, but I reminded myself that most people, including my friends who had the same pills, were fine and said it was a wonderful experience.

T 0:30 I was beggining to roll, and I turned up some techno music. I got up out of my chair and began to dance a little.

T 0:35 I was overcome with an intense feeling to get naked and dance with my girlfriend, in which she agreed. We danced for a little to the music, but at that time I began to think she was so beautiful I could not concentrate on the music anymore. 

T 0:45 We brought out a towel to lay on, and began cuddling and giving deep massages. She loved my hand on her back, and I adored her hugs. It truly felt like ecstacy being cuddled and touching each other.

T 1:00 Things started to get really intense and passionate as we moved to the bedroom. We were hitting the peak of our roll and my eyes were wiggling like crazy, so I decided to close them and just kiss my girlfriend. I told her how much I wanted to marry her, and how she was the perfect girlfriend for me. Every time I realized that we should get up and drink water, she pulled me down for a little bit, not wanting me to go. I would get a drink for us, and we would get back to making out. As it has been said, 'On E everything in the world feels right'. I didn't have a worry in the world.

T 2:30 We moved back to the couch because we were on the plateau of the experience and not totally tweaked anymore. I could concentrate again. The next part, which I believed was the most valuable and wonderful experience on mdma, was that we began to have a deep conversation in which many issues were resolved. I knew that I was totally in love with this girl, and started pouring my heart out to her, which she enjoyed. 

T 3:00 I decided it was best if we take some 5htp and more vitamins. We sat back on the couch cuddled up and still nude, and turned on some television and watched what I thought was the funniest sketch comedy ever.


My forethoughts: This drug has alot of potential to heal emotional problems. The downside is that it can also make many of them if one becomes inappropriately bonded to someone they are not in love with. My girlfriend and I both go to the same top college, and we both have similar backgrounds. We both are the only member of our siblings who are destined to get a degree and probably a stable job. My father died when I was sixteen, and her parents have many emotional problems. I believe the best setting for this drug is to be with a lover who you can trust.