 ##EROWID_NOTE:SUBSTANCE_ID_QUESTION## 

It was a normal night, I was partying over at my buddy's house and we were rockin pretty hard.  Rounds and rounds of quarters and anchorman.  Lots and lots of beer and wine, plus a dance party.  This went on until about 1 am and we decided we needed more alcohol so we went to go get more.  We left with a couple of people I didn't really know well but one of them yelled out, 'Let's go get my acid!' and my eyes lit up.  I've had quite a few amazing trips from acid and it treated me well so I was down.  

We got to his house and he came out with a few blotter tabs.  Keep in mind I was still hammered at this point.  He then proceeded to give the hits out to each of us.  'Here's your hit, here's yours...'  I took mine and could taste the bitterness of the LSD on my paper.  This was usual but I had never tasted it this strong.  I asked him if he knew if it was dropped or dipped or what.  He said it was soaked in LSD and pretty fresh from the chemist.  I got excited and then realized it was 2:30 am.  I was like man I'm tired because I was still very drunk.  So I got dropped off at my house and fell asleep.  

I woke up exactly 3 hours after I took the dose.  It was 5:30 a.m. and I realized I was tripping!  Then I remembered the kid saying something repeatedly through the night...It was that the acid took 3 hours to kick in.  I walked around the house for a while and saw some crazy things.  I also watched a movie until my cousin came into the room and said she was going to work.  Then she looked at me and asked, 'why the hell are you awake?'  I told her my crazy drunken story and she said come outside we'll smoke a cig.  We did and squirrels were everywhere.  They kind of scared me a little, but they were friendly it seemed.  Then I was looking at the trees and they seemed to be smiling at me.  It was pretty wild.  

After tripping for many hours it became 4pm and I seemed to have come down.  It was time for me to go to work.  I smoked a joint with my bud on the way and of course, the trip came back somewhat or was prolonged.  I walked into work with this wild awareness about me.  I did really well on the phones but my cubicle was pretty wild.  The walls were definitely breathing for the most part.  Anyways, all in all, a great trip, just very strange and tired at work.  Acid can be great fun and even better if you take it at a better time than I did haha.  Trip safely and as always love and peace!!!