LSD is a powerful drug.  It can provide the user with invaluble insight or plunge them into the depths of insanity.  It's impossible for the first time user to know what will occur, so do not decide whether or not to use this drug lightly.  I've been lucky, and found the drug to be a window into insight.  I'd like to share my most recent experience.

In university, I was a borderline acidhead.  At the time of my last experience (Jan 2006), it had been four and a half years since I used the drug.  I was in the midst of some major life changes, and wanted to be able to once again analyze my life through the looking glass of LSD.

I dosed with M, a long time friend of mine.  Also present was D, a friend not quite a babysitter as he was smoking plenty of marijuana with us, but not joining the acid trip.  M and I dosed at 3:30pm.

3:30pm- We dose and take a trip to the supermarket with the currently sober D.  There are no major effects during the trip.

4:30pm- We are back at D's apartment, and the drug is starting to noticably create shifts in reality.  We will mostly stay at D's apartment for the remainder of the trip.  Although I used to enjoy the roving, unpredictable acid trip, I now wish for a comfortable environment to explore innerspace.

5:00pm- I'm busy ripping CD's into mp3's when my attention span allows (I was soon to move overseas and wanted to bring my music on a hard drive).  We end up puttin on the Boards of Canada 'Campfire Headphase' disc, which creates an ocean of sonic space for our acid fried minds.  D is now smoking from his bong, and we are happy to join him.  We play a few games of Fireball Island (children of the 80's might know this) and Texas Hold Em'.  Although we are able to stay within the parameters of the games,  there are quite a few verbal tangents and side trips.

5:30pm- We all share some strange threats and confusing words in the kitchen.  It's all in jest, but even this could throw a more unstable mind or first-time user into a state of panic (aka the bad trip).  We get past it and break out the 40 year old scotch.  Of course it burns, but the ambient flavors shine through the lysergic prism.

6:00pm- I put on an episode of 'The Flash.'  Unfortunately, no one really wants to join me through my nostalgiac flight of fancy (in other words, they hate it).  I still dig it.

7:00pm- M and I are reaching our peak.  D is preperly stoned.  We get into some music videos.  The Chris Cunningham clips (especially my first viewing of Aphex Twin's 'Windowlicker') create a disturbing view of the world.  I prefer the Michel Gondry clips with their fractal view of the world.

7:30pm- M throws 'San Andreas' into the X-Box.  It's a fine game, but I don't really think it finds the unique experience of LSD.  Nevertheless, we take turn playing it for the next 45 minutes and immerse ourselves in the video world.

8:30pm- D is feeling sober enough to take us on a group trip to the Arby's drive though.  It's a typical enough experience, but M and I are still having a very strange time.

9:00-11:00pm- Although most of the time dilation occurred earlier in the evening, this is where things become a blur.  The hours are filled with video games, music, Texas Hold Em', and Poker, but I can't recall the quantities or order.

11:00pm-12:30am- I'm back to ripping CDs as I wait to sober up.  Everyone's energy is waning.

12:30am- I'm sober enough to drive so I take M home and head to my own place.  The LSD is very clean and I'm able to sleep by 2am.  The next day I was perfectly fine with no hangover.

Final thoughts-  Unfortunately, I feel I missed some of the insight that I found on earlier trips.  Maybe this was because I arranged such a comfortable time for us all.  My most profound trip was on a camping trip about 5 years ago.  Still, it was a very enjoyable time and I hope it's not my last LSD experience.