##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

Three friends and I took a trip to the Grand Canyon.  We had under a half ounce of shrooms and quite alot of cannabis.  We were constantly getting stoned during the car ride, and while on our way to the Canyon we split up the shrooms between the four of us.  It was quite intense.  As with all of my psychedelic experiences, I believe the sight changed my life.  The masses of land and hills seemed to bob around and move, as if they were purposely trying to mesmerize me.  I'm somewhat disappointed in some of my sober friends, however, because I'm sure I was acting like a lunatic by getting so close to the edge of the cliffs.  It felt like the Canyon wanted to suck me in.  *note, I should always have a sitter when experimenting with shrooms.

By far, the most interesting part of this experience was the car ride home.  We split what was left of the shrooms (approx 3 grams) and hit the road.  I wasn't entirely comfortable with a tripper driving, but to be honest he proved to be perfectly capable.  There was lightning, amazing sights, and about 1/4th an ounce of weed passed between the four of us.  

Halfway home we pulled up to a Pizza Hut.  At this point we were all realizing how incredibly strange everything was... There was no longer a sense of 'gee everything is so pretty,' rather sub-lingual communication between the four of us was getting constrewed (in other words, we were peaking for sure).  The waitress (a waitress at Pizza Hut??) must've thought us to be absolutely insane because we could barely manage a sentence, plus our pupils must've been incredibly dialated.  Besides freaking the waitress out, the Pizza Hut experience was very metaphysical.  One of my companions finally managed to spurt out a well-articulated order with specific instructions on how to cook the crusts w/ cheese... He really suprised me.

Anyway, maybe an hour later down the road we all started laughing uncontrollably.  I love that feeling.  Just thought I'd throw that in.

It was really an awesome experience, and I'm especially suprised at the potency of such a small dose of shrooms.