When I look back at my first experience with magic mushrooms, a grin seems to always find its way to my face. That night was one of the best I had during summer. But lets backtrack a bit to earlier that day. My eyes quickly fell upon the bag in my friends hand, well call him 'K' I hadn't closely inspected it yet, I noticed the gold spots all over the shrooms and I was definitely pleased knowing I would finally experience something that I have been wanting too for a while.

Now me and K had already planned a few things out, take the shrooms with orange juice, smoke a few bowls, and chill at the lake close to my house with our good friend 'B' who was going to be our sitter. We brought some old/crappy chairs down to the lake with us and indulged in a small bowl of weed. We then split the eighth in half evenly and consumed it with orange juice. None of us had ever done shrooms before, so we really didnt know what to expect. We had a casual conversation going on the whole time which combined with marijuana sort of helped relax me. First signs of it taking effect were within 20-25 mins after eating them, it was getting pretty dark by then, and I remember looking at a bush that was coming out of the lake, the wind was blowing it, and it looked exactly like a dinosaur made of leaves, drinking the water.

Remember the old uncomfortable chair I was sitting in? Well it somehow turned into the best sitting experience I've ever had. My body felt soooo good just sitting in that crappy old chair, I did NOT want to move at all. I cannot stress how good it felt just sitting there! and all of a sudden my hopes and dreams were shattered with one sentence 'lets go to the school across the street man.' At this point I was starting to get confused. I then realized that for about 10 minutes I had my head down looking at the floor, just thinking about how good it felt sitting in my chair. When I looked up at my friends I noticed that the world had changed, it had all changed into something you would see on The Nightmare Before Christmas, trees looked like they were animated and made of clay, the water looked intense. My friend K looked at the water and said it all looked like liquid steel to him.

Right about then it had been about 35-40 minutes since I had taken the shrooms, and boy was I feeling it. I finally got out of that chair and started to walk with them to the highschool. I walked maybe 10 feet until I was totally lost. My friends had to guide me 2 feet back to the main trail. We then made our way to the high school which wasn't far. I then laid down and gazed at the stars. The stars would swirl all around, they would form shapes and patterns. After about 10 minutes of looking at the stars my friend K started to feel the full effects, we all were laughing uncontrollably at just about everything.

I then realized that just about everything I looked at was about the most interesting thing I've ever seen. Me and K were pointing at random things, and talking about how insane they look. B was just walking with us and laughing because he was stoned and thought it was hilarious what we were doing. We then got to a secluded baseball field with bleachers around it. I remember getting INTENSE almost overwhelming feelings of joy and excitement. It was kind of like if I had won a brand new BMW and was seeing it for the first time, only intensified 5 times, and went on for about 10 minutes straight. I remember me and K would constantly forget that we had done shrooms because we were so out of it. We would remember, then forget in about 10 seconds. When one of us remembered, we would usually say 'DUDE WERE FUCKED UP ON MUSHROOMS' and the other person would always say 'OH YEA!' this combined with uncontrollable, but fun laughter went on for about 20 minutes.

Me and my friends then sat down on a bleacher and smoked some weed, my friends had to light it for me because everytime I would try I'd either get caught up in conversation, or get mesmerized by the flame, or just plain forget about it and stare at random things in front of me. I remember walking up to an odd shaped water fountain in front of us, and thinking exactly this in my mind 'So what are you all about man?' after getting no response I wondered aimlessly around the bleachers. Everything looked trippy, I was confused, but I really didn't care because everything was just so great. After that we made our way back to my house to crash for the night. All in all I would definitely say it was a VERY fun and interesting night. And I would definitely do shrooms again.