My name is Casey, I go to college in Oklahoma. All the years of highschool I had wanted to trip but in our little town, acid is unheard of. I finally got the chance last Feb. 13. Lucky thirteen!

The day before the trip I get a phonecall from my friend Slim, he informs me that he found some acid (obviously knowing I would be interested). I was excited. I told him I wanted to drop early in the morning, so I could see the sunrise. Which was supposed to be the cool 'trip' thing to do, according to my friends. 

I arrived at his house about 5am, he was already up and ready to drop (this was his first too). He presents a piece of wrinkled tin foil about the size of a playing card, he unfolded, and inside I counted six little scooby doo heads. I couldn't wait!!!

We decided to split it up down the middle and go for broke. We drop our hits at the same time and stare at each other, for a moment before laughing at each other. We were nervous and very excited at the same time.

About 5:30, the sunlight is starting to show a little. I feel nothing, slim says he is starting to feel it. He said he felt like he was in a rollercoaster. This was the last thing I remember him saying for quite awhile, because at that instant the sun peaked up over the hills, and my trip began explosively. The sun came up, and it was the most glorious thing I have ever seen, I heard the william tell overture throughout the suns magnificent arrival to our day. The sun radiated off waves of light in synch with every symbol crash of the symphony going on in my brain. This lasts what seemed like hours but being perfectly content with it, I didn't mind. 

Im interrupted by Slim saying something about the sun winking at him. I stare at him for a second, and begin laughing hysterically. We both fall on the floor laughing and talking about what we saw during the sun's appearance, acting like a couple jocks winning the championship. It was the most amazing thing I had ever seen in my life. I was in love with LSD. I have since tripped maybe 500 times, I have never had a bad trip. I have never felt better in my life.