I have been researching halucinagens for over a year now. I own every book there is to own on magic mushrooms. I decided it was time to actually try some. The only drug I had every tried before mushrooms was marijuana. I am a light weight to marijuana, one hit and I'm gone. My dealer happend to get is hands on some 'gooms.' I conjured up 20 dollars and headed to my dealers house. He gave me in return one whole mushroom and two stems.

I now had a good amount of 'gooms' and so did my dealer, he stated that I should do them with him because of how well I knew him. I agreed that I would do them with him the following weekend. I shouldve realized how impatient I am. The next day I went to my friends house, lets call him Jay. I told him I had some gooms and that I needed a place to do them. He said go ahead. This is where I went wrong. I SHOULD NEVER HAVE DONE MUSHROOMS UNPREPARED, EVERRRRRRR.

I injested the mushrooms at 11:20 am, I drowned the taste with a glass of orange juice with 150 percent vitamen c. Jay put on that so raven. Within the first 15 minutes I started to feel a litle numbness in my legs, then I felt gigly. Within the next 40 minutes the body high and giglyness itensified, but no halucinations.

It is now 12:20pm, the first mild vision appears, the idents in the wall were popping out of the wall. I thought this was cool but it wasnt that great. I stood up and I felt heavy and light at the same time. I started to walk and I felt like I was flying, literally. I thought I flew from jays living room to his bedroom. All of a sudden the visuals became much more real. I could draw lines with my finger, I saw little people running in the wood grain. That was cool. The little people, there were like elves, they had no idea I was watching them though. Then it got creepy.

I looked at jays face and he grew a huge beard, I watched his beard go from completely shaved to a big osama beard. This freeked me out and I started to yell. He told me to 'shut the fuck up'. This set off a very bad vibe. I ran outside, scared as fuck, looked up at the sky and the clouds shaped into a giant asian man, who praid to me, then winked,then he disapeard. One would think this would be a plesent visual but in the mind set jay put me in, I thought they asian man meant harm. At 2:00 I darted out of his and he screamed for me, but I kept running, I felt like I was running for hours, I finally reached my house. (I live on the same block as jay, time just didnt make sense.)I ran inside, fell on the ground and started crying. I closed my eyes and saw a clown face. Needles spurted out of the clowns face and the blood oozed out of his mouth, I started crying more, lying on the ground in the fetal position. The clown imaged left and all I saw was geometrical paterns, I forgot I was every sober, I thought this was life. I beleive that I was a metaphor, only a thought. I never existed. Life never existed. I was part of the pattern that was playing over and over in my head. This scared me, but at this time being scared was not possible, nothing exist, I was gone the world did not connect to me. I became a vegitable for the next two hours.

This was one of the most intense, along with scariest expiriences in my life. Wat scares me is the fact that if I could have kille myself, I would have. I found no meaning in life while I was triiping. Mushrooms are a powerful substance and should be treated with respect.