My mushroom experience was both good and bad, and could be used for learning :)

I had just arrived in Amsterdam with 3 friends, and we decided to check in to our hotel and head out to the RLD. We came across many shops with all different kinds of mushrooms, we (we being 3 out of the 4 of us) decided to grab a box of Columbian mushrooms each, which is 3.5g.

Eventually we get back to our hotel room where we decided to take them, to feel the 'most safe'. I hadn't really eaten that day and smoked a little weed, nothing much. We took our mushrooms, which  are fresh and amazingly terrible tasting. I had experience with them before and the taste never bothered me, but these were just god awful tasting. We waited for them to kick in.

After about 35-40 minutes I started to feel them, and it was amazing. I just layed on the bed looking up at the cealing, where I saw faces from playing cards all over. It was really great and we all just laughed nonstop for a solid hour or so. Our friend that was completely sober mentioned how stupid water towers are, and for some reason that just completely blew our minds. From there things progressively got worse.

I started feeling very nausious, and I started to lose sense of reality. Things went from being really funny to really scary. One of my friends were feeling the exact same way, so we layed under the covers because it was cold and just closed our eyes for a while. For story sake, I'll call him Jon. My other friend was having a great time walking around the hotel, I'll call him Mike.

I started feeling really sick and jumped up and went to the bathroom, where I puked a few times, which kind of confuses me because I have puked everytime I've done mushrooms, yet I've never puked on DXM, which I've done up to 900mg of before. I started feeling better, until I noticed the lights were off, and as I was washing my hands and rinsing my mouth out, I saw 'creatures' in the water. I eventually convinced myself it's in my head after staring at myself in the mirror for a solid 15 minutes, which went from scary to fun again!

I then walked back to the bed, where once again, things got scary. I started hearing noises that looped over and over, particularly that sound like the girl in 'The Grudge' made, that sound you make with your throat.I felt my brain stem freaking out, and I thought I stopped breathing for a while. I had random twitches that progressively got worse, and my friend Jon seemed to do the same thing. Mike was still out and about, having a great time. Eventually I went and puked again. I got back into the bed and started thinking 'am I going to die so far from home? I can't believe I'm in Europe, I don't want to die here' over and over. I think I passed out for a while, I'm not entirely sure.

About 4 hours passed by, and I started coming back to reality, as well as Jon. We all just sat and laughed for what seemed like forever again, and I noticed I was alot warmer, too. Mike spent like $12 on a small tub of ice cream that he didn't want after like 2 bites, but as out of it as we all were, I 'forced' him to eat it, which he seemed to enjoy reguardless. The next few hours were just incredible.

I don't think this was a bad trip, just a bad experience in the trip.