This is a report about my first time taking MDMA

It was a Friday during the warm months of July and I had just gotten off work. My good friend, who I'll call Johnson for this report, was having his 16th b-day party tonight and I was invited. I arrived at the party to find a good amount of the people at the party on ecstasy with party essentials such as a strobe light, loud techno music, glow sticks, & sunglasses (even though the party was at night). I went up and talked to Johnson, who said "Dude, I'm on ecstasy right now & my parents are too drunk to notice, you should get some." 

After talking to a few people, I found someone who was getting more pills in just a few minutes from a person down the street. I drove him to meet the person, I got a red quad (I could not see the image on it as it was nighttime and I took it just minutes after buying it) and chewed up the tablet. The pill was not as bad as expected but still very bitter. We all went back to the house where me and my other friend, who I'll call Chris, waited for the pills to kick in. We stuck together most of the night because it the first time for both of us. After almost 2 hours of waiting, the pills started to kick in.

The first effects included a gentle aura that seemed to encompass my mind accompanied by a sense of well-being. I went into the dance room and noticed that the intensity of the light from the strobe light seemed to have increased, as I had to squint or look indirectly at it. As I danced my body feels in harmony with everyone and everything in the room, I felt free. Every motion my body made seemed to feel "right" as I danced. After awhile I went into the family room where Johnson, Christopher, & our other friend Sterling (these are our fake British names that we call each other when we're high) were playing with glow sticks. I picked one up and moved it side to side. The fluidity of the motion and the perpetual glow amazed me. I knew in my mind that it didn't look any different, but was still amazed by the calm glow of the glow stick. Although I was feeling my first effects, I was still unsure whether they were imagined in my head or if they really were the effects of ecstasy 

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

I was soon told by my friend's mom that my sister, who was also at the party, was acting extremely strange and stumbling all over the place. I talked to my sister and realized that not only was she drunk, but she also had popped a pill of ecstasy. A couple of minutes later my friend's mom called my parents to come and pick her up, only problem is she had wandered off and no one could find her. I drove in my car and found my sister walking with a friend a block away. I told her to get in the car and I drove her to my parents, who were coming up the street. I gave her to my parents and told them that I didn't know where she got the alcohol or what was even wrong with her. They left and I went back to Johnson's house.

Soon everyone was gone and it was just me, Johnson, Christopher, and Sterling (the party was quite big, with at least 30+ people to begin with). Johnson talked to his parents and they say it was alright for all of us to spend the night. I told them I needed to go home to pick up clothes and headphones. I drove home and was happy to notice that ecstasy had absolutely no effect on my driving, it was even easier than when I was high from smoking weed.

I went home and raced to my room to get my stuff. I felt a little nervous since my parents were home, even though they were both completely wasted. I noticed that I was sweating a good amount and has an uneasy feeling of guilt in my stomach. My dad came into my room and said that he wanted to talk. He told me he knew that my sister was on something other than alcohol and he was pretty sure it was ecstasy. I told him I didn't know and tried to leave. As I approached the front door he said "Get in the kitchen, turn on the lights, and talk to me." This is when I noticed the effects were positively real. My heart was racing faster than it ever had before and my mind was thinking about what my dad was asking me and also thinking about the effects I was feeling at the moment. As he talked I felt as if I was disconnected from him and everything he was saying. He was very drunk and asked me the same questions he had asked minutes earlier and I replied with the same answers (God damn I hate drunken people!).  I felt as if I could not connect with what he was asking and became increasingly nervous, thinking that one peculiar answer would expose me. Finally I got to go back to my friend's house.

As I got in my car I felt a great sense of relief, as if a great weight had been lifted off of me, mentally and physically. As I drove back to my friends house I listened to music and felt extremely connected to the lyrics of the songs and every single instrument playing that was playing simultaneously. I had a moment of deep thinking where I wondered about how the band got together and the countless hours each person must have practiced to prepare for that song. As I listened to the music, I lost any feelings of nervousness about driving and almost forget that I was driving under the influence in the first place!

After a peaceful drive, I made it to my friend's house. Johnson and Sterling were coming down from their trip while Chris and I were close to the end of our peak (most of which I had unfortunately spent at my house). We all lay on my friend's trampoline in his backyard and stared at the stars. As I listened to "Us and Them" by Pink Floyd, I looked and saw that there seemed to be stars completely covering the sky but at the same time I could still see the indigo color of where those stars were and realized that they were a hallucination(Hard to describe how I saw both at once but the closest comparison I can make is if you have a very visual high from cannabis and it seems that there is a recurring pattern in your entire field of vision but at the same time you can see all the normal stuff you see with your eyes). The more I listened to the song the more I started to feel as if our little world on that trampoline and the stars above us were in universal harmony and that nothing could bother us. I also became very connected with my friends and all four of us hang out together all the time now because of this night. 

We went inside later and watched a couple of music videos on my friend's big screen and danced. We finally got tired and went to bed. It was remarkably easy for me to fall asleep much to my surprise and I woke up the next day feeling a little groggy but not really on a down.

Overall this was a great experience for me and started my experimentation with MDMA. I became fascinated with Pink Floyd and Bay Area rap because of this night and also felt an overall boost in my confidence.