I am a female in my early 20s and lets just say I've hit my 'mid-life crisis' about 25 years early. You see, I'm not your ordinary person, though I may appear to be. I used to consider myself 'classy,' however, I've learned to let myself go to an extent and have become more down to earth on my never-ending search for peace of mind. I have no idea what is ahead of me in life, nor do I have a clue what to do with my life. I grew up in an extremely conservative home but have now seen that sometimes grass really is greener on the other side. My childhood was a blessing though sometimes I consider it a curse. I am married and thank god I married a man who has taught me to think and see through the bullshit of our society. I love people, am extremely passionate about poverty, but am stuck in a middle-class society, stuck in college, and feel completely helpless...at this point I'm such a mess and so confused with things that I may not be of any help to anyone. Its a shame that I am too timid to share my LSD experience with close friends...maybe they are just too damn conservative and would probably 'de-friend' me. As I sat in a design class this morning, I had to bite my tongue to keep myself from telling those around me about my experience. 

I had a hell of an amazing night to say the least. Its like my mind opened up and revealed things that I normally lock inside. You see, I can be quite shy and am not one to take such random substances. I used to look down on people for that because I was told it wasn't right. What I did the other night was the best damn thing I could have done for myself. I consider myself in the midst of a depression that I hate. I've been through a lot of shit lately and have watched my husbands health/body deteriorate. I've put up with a lot of shit at my job, have tried to stay in school, though I somehow find myself in the worst of classes, the ones that program me to be a damn robot...not the ones that teach me how to fucking think. (By the way, fucking is a word that one would never hear come out of my mouth back in the day...) Anyway, I've never felt so authentically happy, so real, so alive, and so confident. I've struggled with low self esteem all my life...and my god, this stuff brought out the me that I've always wanted to be. I danced, I sang, I sat on the couch and talked to my husband for hours about things that I would usually prefer to keep to myself. I laughed, I felt relieved....I lived the moment. 

I cannot wait for my next experience. I am so excited. Please keep in mind that I've never been one to drink/smoke excessively or take such foreign substances...I've always been that good girl that seemed to be too damn good to really investigate life. LSD was the best damn thing for me and I am so grateful for the wonderful evening that I had with my husband. 