I am a fairly experienced drug user, having smoked marijuana frequently, and a few other binges (i.e. ecstacy and cocaine). My night basically revolved around getting some wet but things happen and shrooms came up.

After waiting a few hours my shrooms had finally arrived at 11:45ish. Me, my friend K, D, and Z all ate up our shrooms and waited for the first effects. Within ten minutes the body high kicked into gear and giggling as well. We all started to play a video game and i started to feel rather strange as did my friend K and we both let go of the controlers and handed them over. We both picked comfotable spots and just stared at the ceiling which was needless to say very different. The roof began taking on shapes and patterns and what seemed to be a cloud forming where the roof was. Although this was bizzare it's something like you would see if you took DXM. The first thing that really started to make me trip was my friend K, he looked at me and said 'how do you feel' and his voice sort of driffted off as the last words came out of his mouth. His face was like something I had never seen before, very disstorted, he kind of looked like Frankenstein and sort of cartoonish. All four of us took a walk downstairs so we could try to trip harder. 

Being anywhere else from the moment I took the shrooms was like a new world. As the minutes went buy laughter filled the air. I didn't know why they were laughing but I couldn't help but laugh at the things I was seeing. It's about an hour and a half or so into the trip and I was loving it as well as my friends.

The best way I can describe shrooms to a person who wants to try them for the first time is, one doesn't see anything that's not there. One sees visuals from what's already there. For instance, I went to the bathroom and started to do number 2, but what caught my eye was how the bathroom would change color from light to dark to light. And this pattern on the wall was literally moving, I couldn't look at it without it moving or me just laughing histerically. It was now about 2:30 am full face tripping at this point, everything was disstored and I mean everything, cats, people, furniture, you name it it was fucked up. But unlike other trip stories you read or may read I did not really have deep thoughts or life changing experiences instead I had a 100% visual trip which was awesome.

So much more happened that night as far as visuals go, but I want to cut this a little short and leave you with this. Shrooms, as long as one has a good mind set and doesn't expect the worse it'll be fine.