Let me begin by saying I am an experienced drug user.  The only things I haven't done at least 10 times are maybe Meth, Heroin, Mescaline, or some weird South American herbs.  I am also a very logical, skeptical person.  Every time I hear someone doing acid or shrooms and 'seeing men appear and start talking to them' I feel like punching them.  Sure, walls start breathing, euphoria, etc.  My friend even passed out and entered a detailed dream before, but usually I disregard most stories since they seem exaggerated.  I'm only telling you this so that you can trust I'm giving an honest story of what exactly happened to me.

It begins.

T:00 - I eat the eighth of goldcaps of my friend's dorm.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

T:25 - Like usual, I feel a little excited, a little nauseous, hallucinations start.  I begin to drive everyone to pick someone up( I drive often on almost anything, usually no trouble).

T:45 - It's hard to explain.  My mind feels so clear that it's uncomfortable, yet I'm having a great deal of trouble communicating or operating anything, a car for that matter.  I can speak fluently, it just rarely makes sense to anyone else, though it makes perfect sense to me.

T:1:00 - Worrying.  That's all I'm doing and nothing can stop me.  I have four things.  I worry about my roomate(for some reason I think he's mad at me for leaving something in the room).  I worry about my ex-girlfriend.  I worry about money problems.  I worry about my test the next day.  At this point, I decide I WILL have a bad trip, because I have too many things to worry about.  Nevertheless, I go to my friend's house and try to act like I'm fine.

T:1:20 - 'I have to fucking get out of here.'  I tell my friend he can go get his pipe from his dorm and I'll drive him back.  As soon as we leave the house I tell him I just said that so that I could go back to my room since I was freaking out there.  He says that's fine.  I drop him off and start driving.  I completely forget what I'm doing.  I just know I'm on a road, in a car, with four problems in my head.  I can no longer even acknowledge that a drug is in my system.  I think my final I haven't studied for tomorrow will literally RUIN my life.  I think my roomate will never speak to me again.  I think I'll have to get a shitty job to get more money, etc.  I come to the conclusion I have to die.  That's the only way to avoid these upcoming horrendous events.

T:1:40 - Idiot.  My friend calls.  I have to take him back after he gets his pipe, obviously.  I stop bawling my eyes out and drive back to where he's at.  I try to act fine and take him back.  I tell him I am just going to drive around a little longer, then I'll be back.

T:2:00 ...Oh my god.  I am driving.  I think I'm driving.  What is driving?  If...I'm bad at driving, I might wreck, and that could injure or kill me, right?  No...driving does not matter, whatever that is.  'My problems are the only things that matter' I say as I'm driving down one-way streets the wrong way, running stop signs.

Nothing makes sense anymore.  I see a van pass me on the road.  I have NO idea what it is.  All I know is that it looks familiar.  Everything looks familiar, trees, buildings.  But if someone asked me what they were, I could not have told you.  Every sense has combined into one - I smell, feel, see, taste, hear everything I come across, even if it doesn't smell, make noise, and is not in reach.  My problems - I don't even know what they are anymore.  They have evolved into physical shapes in my mind.  My ex-girlfriend is an orange triangle, for example, that would physically harm me.  It felt like something was attacking me.  Hallucinations are not describable - and that's all I can say - literally.  I cannot describe them or even begin to.

T+2:15.  I return, somehow, still very confused but slightly better.

T+2:45.  After just talking to people and feeling better, the shrooms COMPLETELY wore off.  I felt entirely sober, which is odd, since they almost always last 5-6 hours.

It turns out I had nothing to worry about, as well.  My test..as soon as I sobered up again I'm like 'Fuck math.'  Didn't even take it the next day, didn't care either.

My ex:  no problem there.  We're actually back together now.

My roomate:  Didn't even know what I was talking about when I asked if he was pissed at me.  He was more concerned about playing me in ping pong in 10 minutes.

My money:  I had like $100 in my account.  Not sure why I even worried.