I tried Ecstacy for the first and only time when I was sixteen years old in my older friend's apartment with his other friends. I had taken my two bombs around 10 PM and by 10:30 I was rolling. I started out just sitting on his couch, thinking 'This is never going to work...' so I decided to play on my cell phone, talking on AIM for a while. Well, in mid conversation, the keys started to feel extremely good.

I decided to stop playing with my cell phone and let everyone else know what I had just experienced. About 11 PM I was hugging everyone in the room, explaining past experiences about myself that I normally would tell no one. My sexual preference is heterosexual, however there I was, sitting there with one of my girl friends telling her how beautiful she was and how I would kiss her if I weren't straight. My that time I couldn't keep my teeth from grinding together and this was the only bad side-effect that I experienced. The peak of my experience, at that point, was when I had lost track of all time. I had taken my older friend by the hips and pressed against him in the hallway, kissing him. Honestly, it felt as if I were having 10 orgasms at once. I remember thinking how good it felt pressing my nails onto the side of his hips, every thing I touched felt amazing. After that had happened a few of the guys in the apartment and me decided to dance, and so we did.

I must have danced for at least 4 hours straight. I remember going outside (in Winter) in a tank top not feeling cold. While I was dancing I did not feel hot, but could feel the sweat on my chest. I remember taking a break, sitting on the couch thinking to myself that I always wanted to feel this way, that nothing else in the world could feel as magnificent as it did just then. I had tons of self-love and complemented myself frequently. I looked in the mirror thinking that I was beautiful. Finally when I was coming down, which was not bad at all, I sat on the computer, listening to music and moving my hands in a 'hippie-vibe' sort of way. I finally got tired around 5 AM and got up for work at 9 AM, feeling like a zombie. I couldn't concentrate on my Biology homework that night, but it was most likely the lack of sleep rather than the E.

All in all, it was the best experience of my life.