The first two days had been spent with my roomate's mom and grandmother. Boring as hell and even slightly irritating, his grandma was a sweetheart, and oblivious to our intentions. On day three, we had decided to take a trip to Sea World - something that my roomate's girlfriend had been wanting to do since we first were planning this road trip. Grudgingly, I went with, and we spent the next 12 hours or so cavorting around fishes and whales and whathaveyou. Not exactly my idea of a good time, but whatever...I go with the flow anyway.

We get home and his grandmother is tired and just wants to go to bed. We stayed up a little later with his mom, until she too went to sleep. We had already decided midway through the day that we were going to be taking our drugs that same night, so when the coast was clear, we dropped it.

We offered half a hit to his girlfriend, but she wasnt sure she wanted to...until the blotter was halfway dissolved in my roomate's mouth. They shared the rest of his hit and off we went, walking down the road to Wal-mart. Strolling through the empty streets in the warm florida air, we got a few moments to reflect and take in everything that had happened to us so far, and everything that was about to. This being my first time with Acid, I remember being particularly nervous about it - but my experiences with other drugs calmed me... I knew that no matter what I saw, I would be in control of myself, and that I wasn't going to 'freak out' or anything like that.

The first giddy wave hit us as we were standing in line at the store. I remember thinking, 'is this it? Has it finally hit me?'. But it was just a precursor for things to come.

We managed to get home in short order and without incident. The drugs were definitely taking hold. We had been smoking copious amounts of ganja before and after we went to walmart, but this was something else... I could feel this body buzz coming on like a wave almost...I suppose that is the most accurate description, but it doesn't begin to describe the actual feeling.

It was after a few minutes of sitting on the back porch, having a conversation with my two companions, that I decided that I wanted to smoke an Al Capone Sweet. For those of you who dont know, the Al Capone sweets are little rum dipped cigars that you can buy at pretty much any convience mart. Tobacco lovers, give them a try...they taste amazing. Too small to roll a blunt with unfourtunatly. Oh...and get the non filters, of course.

So we decided to make another trek, there was a CVS pharmacy nearby that sold them. We all put on hats to cover our eyes and once again traversed the lonely streets to reach our destination. Once we were finally underneath the unsettling buzz of the flourescent light though, in the cool air conditioned confines of the poor mans Walgreens, we realized exactly how messed up we were. No hallucinations yet, but the body buzz was so strong it almost paralyzed me.

With a great show of willpower, I walked up to the counter, lifted my hat from my eyes and asked the gray haired man behind the counter for the Al Capone sweets, rum flavored. Unaware of what they were he asked me in a heavy southern accent as he slid the pack over to me, 'Well what are these here?'

'It's a cigarillo' was my response.

'I'm goin' to have to see some I.D. There'

So I took out my wallet and showed him my out of state license. He took a minute to find my birthday, did the math in his head and then gave it back to me, satisfied that I was of age.

'Illinois huh? That's a long way off' he said, almost disapprovingly

'Yea, we're here on vacation,' I said, indicating my two cohorts, 'Drove down here...24 hours or so.'

Things were going horribly wrong in my head. As I was talking to the man at the register a young black woman, his manager or something, came up to him and punched a few buttons on his register. It popped open, and she made change for him. As he shut his register though, something strange happened... She seemed to get the skin on her hand caught in the register, and he turned to her and laughed...but it wasn't an ordinary laugh. It was more sarcastic, like they were sharing a private joke or something.

I didn't know what to do...Were they being snide to us? It seemed like a scene from a movie or something. To this day, I can't figure out if they were showing us a little bit of that southern hostility that is only reserved for 'out of towners'. And who knows why it bugged me so much....but the entire walk home and for the next hour, I obsessed over it. Not always verbally, I kept my mouth shut after about 5 minutes of talking about it, but in my mind I kept turning the situation over and over in my head..did she really get pinched in her register, or was that just a way of interrupting me and getting me to leave, or was I just out of my mind?

Now, the thing about acid is it will make a person terribly paranoid. You'll start seeing faces where there are none. Heads will appear to turn and stare at you when you see someone in the corner of your eye. When someone does look at you, you feel incredibly creeped out my their gaze.

After the CVS, things get very hazy...We went back to the porch and spent the next few hours tripping out of our minds. I remember fragments of a thousand experiances, hints and whispers of what my mind was thinking at the time, and just barely a taste of the wonderful and beautiful feelings that shook me into another plane of existance.

What I do remember:

Watching the ceiling, it was a simple porch roof made of aluminum siding, cast with shadows and faint discolorations. But while I sat in my chair, feet propped up on the table in front of me, that simple roof became a canvas of colors and shapes, which the mind cannot possibly imagine on it's own.

What can only be illustrated as raindrops of neon rainbows forming an entire seascape. I can see the entire topside of the water at some times, as if I were a bird looking over this brightly colored ocean. Other times I was under the water, watching the fish and plants.

I remember one fish in particular...I remember immediately naming him the Coelocanth. Compromised of the neon particles, it snapped at my face - then the hallucination ended.

Nicks beard hair growing at a rapid rate.

As I looked at Nick another time, he said that it felt like his face was melting. As soon as his mouth formed the word melting though, I saw his eye and nose droop down to his chin. He saw my eyes go wide with disbelief and possibly even horror, and instantly began laughing. I joined him.

Going inside to try and sleep it off sometime at four in the morning. The air conditioned house, along with the ambient buzz of the television and the mere mental freakout of taking acid at my roomate's grandmother's house killed my hallucinations entirely. I felt uneasy though...something in my gut just did not want to be in the house. So we go out and smoke another bowl...and the hallucinations return. Another few hours is spent in ceaseless amazment at every hallucination. By our count the drug should have worn off, and yet, here we were...still out of our minds. 

I've been typing for almost an hour now...and honestly, that is all I can remember about acid. It was an experiance I wont forget though....if that makes sense. 