Background
17 year old light drug user. I had been smoking for five years and was reasonably learned in the art of toking. Smoked perhaps three grams a week. Heavy caffeine user, somewhere in the neighborhood of 300 milligrams a day. I had occasionaly experienced with hallucinogens, although I was by no means a regular user. Drank rarely, perhaps five servings per month.

Preperation
10:40 AM (T+00:00)- I can cook quite well, given that most teenagers can't figure out how to boil Ramen. I decided that my method of eating would be old school: brownies. I pulled out my jar of leaf, by which I mean the actual leaves of the plant. Totally unexperienced in the Way of Cannabis Eating, I simply reached into the jar, grabbing approximately four large pinches of the substance and dropped it into the brownie mix. I baked the brownies, eagerly awaiting the unfamiliar experience. When they were finished, I devoured the entire batch, which probably could have gotten six or seven people twisted. 

Set and setting
I was very eager. In retrospect, much too eager. I did what most inexperienced drug users do: took way too much my first time. The setting was better, though. It was a cloudless 29 degree day (85 fahrenheit) and I planned on enjoying the sunshine out on the lake.

Experience
11 AM (T+00:20)- Started feeling the first waves. I can't stress how different this is from smoking the plant. It doesn't come on the same way. With smoking, it hits me entirely in about fifteen minutes. When I eat it, it can take 1-2 hours to fully affect me. I had been watching some television show and the theme song had come on. All of a sudden, I felt like I was part of the music. I had gotten up and performed some sort of inane dance that seemed to just come to me. After the song ended, the wave receded a little and I sat back down and watched the rest of the show.

11:40 AM (T+00:40)- I was really starting to get a buzz. This was the cannabis that I knew, or at least this was what I thought at the time. This is the point where I started making the series of mistakes that made this high miserable. Firstly, I should have planned a little more and done this shit WELL before my parents were home so I could experience it, come down, and baseline before either of them even walked in the door. Instead, I gave myself about four hours, which would have been enough had I eaten a safe dose instead of something that even the most veteran eaters would pale at. My second mistake was calling my cousin. He had no knowledge of the high that I was about to descend into, and I intended for it to stay that way. My third mistake, and one of the worst, was bringing my dog, an 80 pound German Shephard. As long as I keep an eye on her, I thought, She'll be a good dog. Mistake # 4.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

12:10 PM (T+01:10)- I met up with my cousin at the lake, which is a short walk from my house. The day was great and the two of us set off on my boat, heading towards a beach across the lake. At this point I was totally twisted. My entire body pulsed with feeling and everything I touched felt alive. If my boat's design had featured a radio, I'm sure I would have gotten lost in the tunes and crashed. It was terrible. It was beautiful. We crossed the lake safely and went ashore on the beach. My dog trotted off and into the water, trying to cool off her dark fir by diving in the water. As long as I keep an eye on her, I thought, She'll be a good dog. Mistake # 4.

12:30 PM (T+01:30)- I was fucking stoned. I can't properly describe in words how high I was. I sat on the beach, watching the waves,  the sky, and the entire universe of motion before me. My world was alive. Distantly, I noticed that my cousin was playing with my dog, throwing a stick the size of my leg into the water for her. She was a large, intimidating animal. I left reality again, zoning out for ten minutes or so.

12:40 PM (T+:01:40)- My dog was barking. She was fucking freaking out on some people that had come ashore near us. I was way too fucked up to handle shit like this, but somehow I managed to rise and calm down the dog and apologise to the frightened couple. It was time to get out of there before something really bad happened. My cousin was already starting to notice that something was deeply wrong inside me, and I'm a very introverted smoker as it is. 

1 PM (T+02:00)- Alone again. The bad vibes were gone, but I was still miserably high. I watched the television and listened to music.

4 PM (T+05:00)- Parents got home. No way could I handle talking to them. From the research that I had done, I thought that it should have worn off an hour ago, but it was still coming on strong, I was blown out of my mind. I was twitching and jumping on the vibes of the strongest high that I have ever had. I retreated to the woods behind my house and walked the well-used trail that is frequented by hippies, bikers, joggers and the like. I walked the trail for hours, waiting for the high to wear off. 

8:30 PM (T+09:30)- It didn't. I was getting to the point where I was worrying. I had never experienced anything like this before. This was akin to drinking a cup of coffee and not being able to sleep for three nights. As I walked home, I asked myself how this could even be possible. I knew I had dosed too high, but this defied everything I had ever learned about the drug. I knew that I would just have to ride the wave and try to enjoy the scenery. 

9:00 PM (T+10:00)- I ate dinner with my parents. I relied on silence, speaking in monosyllables and staying as reserved as possible. By some miracle, I managed to keep my cool. I went into my bedroom and watched television for two hours or so, still as high as I had been eight hours ago. 

8:00 AM (T+21:00)- I woke up, lying in the semidarkness that was created by my cream colored shades, I realized that I was still high. This had ventured into insanity. I was high, although at this point it was a managable buzz, much like the one created when a bowl of some chronic is smoked. For the next four hours or so, I read, although I realize that it was much less than that. I was basically staring at the pages, because as soon as I turned the page, I forgot what I had just read.

12:00 PM (T+ 24:00)- The high was finally gone, and I was exhausted by the ordeal. I learned a great deal about both myself and the great drug that I have preached the innocence of for so long. Taken in almost any normal amount, Cannabis produces a great little buzz that have mind expanding effects. When taken to the extreme, Cannabis can become extremely dissociative and frightening. If you take anything from this story, it is that one must underdose when experimenting with any new form of usage that produces different effects. If I had eaten half a brownie and waited an hour, this all could have been avoided.