The first time I ever did DMT was last night.  It was interesting how I came to get it, I had read about it and seen it online before, but like a lot of the other chemicals and psychoactives I thought I'd never get to try it since no one but me had ever heard of it.  
  
I am on probation with drug testing for 2 years, so it has been a while since I've done anything.  I know someone that sells ecstacy, so I asked her if she could get me anything that wouldnt show up on a drug test like acid or shrooms.  Apparently when she was trying to get acid she got DMT which I guess was close to it.  She had never done it before and neither had I, but after reading about it and hearing Joe Rogan from Fear Factor talk about it on youtube, I decided to go for it.

##EROWID_NOTE:NOT_WEIGHED##

The first night I tried the DMT I sprinkled a very small amount into my pipe and tried to smoke it, nothing happened.  I was pretty scared considering a heavy dose was '60mg' whereas a small dose is around 5mg, and I'm not too good at eye-balling mg's.  I put in a little more, and still nothing happened.  Kind of dissapointed, I put it away and went to bed.
  
The next night (last night) I decided to smoke it a little differently.  I assumed you smoke it like crack, since I read you're smoking the vapors of it and from the first night I could hear a sort of sizzling like crack. So I put ash in my pipe as if I was smoking crack, and feeling more ambitious since nothing had happened before, I loaded a much larger amount in my pipe (a little smaller than the size of lincoln's head on a penny).  I laid on my bed and tried it again.
   
I was expecting something like salvia, where I would have to hold it in for a long time before it kicked in, and after that nothing too amazing would happen.  Man, I was wrong.
   
Inhaling made me want to cough a little, not as much as I thought it would, and the taste of plastic didnt really bother me.  After holding in the smoke for maybe 5 seconds the wall across from me started a sort of trickling effect, like a sort of rain comming down it.  I got a little scared, so I blew out the smoke so it wouldnt get too much more intense.  The trickels on the wall turned into diamonds, until the entire wall was covered with little diamond shapes that were mostly a reddish color.  The wall then started to almost pulsate, and began a wave-like movement.  I heard a small vibration noise, but it only lasted a little while.  The noise that was most intense throughout the experience was my heart.  I could hear and feel my heart beating, and it was going unbelieveably slow.  I was nervous that I wasn't breathing, and I tried to check if I was but I couldnt.   
   
Throughout the entire experience my mind seemed to me to be generally normal, where everything I could see and feel was not.  I started talking to myself (in my mind) to try and test myself in a way.  There was a clock in my room, I asked myself how long I had been tripping - couldnt read the clock.  My pipe was next to me, I told myself to put it away - wasn't happening.  I remembered reading about people seeing aliens, so I thought about seeing one (which kind of scared me) but I didn't.  The entire time I was just laying on my bed and I really couldn't move.  As I think about it now, I have no idea how I would have responded if anyone had walked into the room or started talking to me.  I really don't think I would've been able to handle that.
  
The entire experience was like a dream, and right after it ended I told my brother what happened, and then one of my friends.  It's hard to remember everything that happened.  Every passing second it seemed like something new and amazing would happen around me, and all I could do was observe.  The experience only lasted about 10 minutes, but it was one of the best 10 minutes in my life.  The fact that what one sees can be altered in such a way that one has absolutely no idea what's going on, and that everything one sees amazes them is unbelievable.  After this I am pretty convinced that the songs 'Lucy in the sky with Diamonds' and 'Tomorrow Never Knows' were written about psychadellics like this.