I was born and bred in America and came over to the UK for University.  I grew up in a bubble of a town, only went to house parties, drank moderately, and never ever did drugs.  Coming to London with a lower drinking age and an amazing club scene intrigued me and I was immediately drawn to it.  My friends told me about Fabric, an amazing drum and bass club that attracts a large druggie crowd.  

We went on a Friday and being there for the first 30 min made me fall in love with drum and bass music.  All of my friends were on pills and I was completely sober, though the mystified and happy look on their faces intrigued me immensely.  When they told me "pills", I immediately though amphetamines (speed) and ecstasy never even crossed my mind.  I took one and waited for about 30 min, nothing happened and I was very disappointed.  I felt a bit more energetic but it was very mild.  I took a second pill a half hour later and the effects were mindblowing.

First I stopped dancing and got very hot.  Everything started tingling and I felt very very light.  Bear in mind I double dosed on my first time ever trying it without even realizing that I took 2 ecstasy pills.  I went over to my friends a bit nervous as the effects hit me like a tone of bricks.  They laughed because I looked a bit disconcerted and asked them if this is what speed is supposed to feel like.  They gave me a huge hug and said that I took E and not speed.  I nearly had a panic attack as all the media ever does is portray it as a dangerous rave drug.  Aside from smoking pot occasionally, I have never tried any real drug.    

At this point I was rocketing at light speed towards the peak and all feelings of unease disappeared.  The come up was incredible and euphoric.I took a deep breath, opened my eyes, and felt the most incredible happiness I have ever experienced in my life.  Every breath made my lips tingle and quiver with pleasure and my knees became weak, very similar to when one has an intense orgasm, though imagine that feeling over every square inch of your body.  I literally loved everyone and everything I saw. This may sound a bit strange, but I actually felt like I could die that very moment and it wouldn't have mattered.  I left the dance floor to go get a bottle of water and returned making a big attempt to stay well hydrated.  I danced for 5 hours with the crowd and it felt like every song was my favourite and that everyone was my best friend.  It felt like I was literally in heaven.  

The ebb and flow of the experience is intense.  I could feel when the effects begin to ebb and I plunged into a state of extreme relaxation and contentment.  Then you flow back upwards, back into that euphoric state, and want to dance forever.  The only negative effects I experienced during the peak was the bruxism and jaw clenching which occasionally got annoying and somewhat painful, and as hard as you try you simply cannot stop it.                        

Fast forward a few hours and I was still in a state of extreme relaxation, chilling on my bed listening to some ambient music.  I looked back on that night and was incredibly happy at what I had experienced.  

The next day was not pleasant, I'm not going to lie.  Though still relaxed, I had a bit of a headache and was slightly depressed (nothing major, just very mellow and not in the mood to do anything).  The following week I still never felt "right".  Not in a bad way, I just felt different and a bit disconnected from anyone who I knew had never experienced E before, thus I did feel a bit closer to my friends.

The next weekend we returned to Fabric and I only took one pill.  The effects were a bit disappointing, peaking quickly and wearing off within an hour or so.  We were all surprised at how fast it wore off so the pills must not of been as strong as the previous week.  In addition, any future use will be in tandem with a heavy dose of antioxidant.M  I plan on taking 750 mg of vitamin C 2 hours before, another 750 mg with the pill, and another 750 mg the following morning.  I did this exact regimen and the come down was not nearly as bad.

*Warning* I have used MDMA two weekends in a row and plan to use it again for a third weekend.  I will then give the drug at least a month or so break so my body and brain can properly repair themselves.  It is not physically addicting though I have at random times during the day thought about how I could achieve that first experience again and whenever I listen to music I try to imagine feeling like I did the first time I used.  One more weekend is what I need to get it out of my system for a while.