It didnt take much to convince me to try Lsd. I'm not exactly a novice when it comes to drugs I've tried pot, triple c, and the occasional cocaine. I had known Andrew for about a week and all he had to do was talk about his experiences on it and I was sold.
	
When I told him that I wanted to try it the next time he did he was really excited. He told me it would change my life for ever.
	
So the following Saturday he picked me up at about 11am. Thats when we took our first hit. My hands were shaking I was so nervous. 
	
We went back to his house I watched V for vendetta for a bit until he decided it was time for us to take walk. It was about 1230 so we took our second hit. It seemed like we had walked forever before we got to the nature trail, Andrew said that when we got to the end of the trail he would buy me a surprise from rite-aid.  For some reason we decided that we needed to find clues in our surroundings, our first clue was this oddly shaped rock, for some reason it just meant so much to the both of us. We walked and we walked and we walked and the leaves seemed to wisper at us but we couldnt make out what they were saying. 
	
When we finally got to rite-aid he headed straight to the ice cream area. He told me to pick out anything I wanted and the only think that looked good to me was the rainbow sherbert. He said that that was because it was the most intense and would play the most tricks with my mind. It got to the point where I couldnt even look at the ice cream because it just seemed so real.
	
Slowly we made it back to his house where he put on some music and watched the pictures on his dresser dance around. I started to get freaked out and asked if we could go outside. We walked around his neighbourhood for a bit and climbed trees, I felt at one with nature as if I knew what all the plants were feeling. The whole day seemed incredibly random. A house even fully caught on fire when we were walking around. As it started to get dark my paranoia grew, I felt that everyone knew what was going on and that they all knew I was crazy. My mind was exhausted and would not let it take over my mind any longer. We drew pictures to pass the time and the ideas just seemed to pour onto the paper. Andrew started to draw this fetus and as it started to take shape it became more and more real. After a bit we didnt know why we had created it and that it was a sin against nature to have something like that on a piece of paper. It was festering... Which is how he ended up with the name Fester the Fetus. 	
	
I couldnt take the intensity anymore and decided to go home. When I finally got there sleeping became a task in itself. 

Everytime I Closed my eyes these awful images would appear.

I dont know if I'm ever going to try it again because I dont know if I can take the insanity of it all.