I have been smoking pot for awhile now and got bored with it. I was tired of feeling tired all the time from smoking alot and just didn't have any ambition. I'm not sure if it was just shitty weed or the strain that I was smoking, cuz I only smoke nugs. I haven't smoked any weed in over 2 months so it was pretty much out of my system. 

I got the chance to get an 1/8 of shrooms, which I was excited for because I've always wanted to try them. I got them late at night and was hoping my husband could trip sit me, but he had to get up early for work and went to bed. I figured I would be alright by myself in the other room watching tv. I wanted to take this experience slow so that I knew what to expect. I ate 1 puny steam that was about 2 inches long and very thin. I didn't know if it was going to hit me fast or slow. 

After about an hour of laying on the couch watching tv I didn't feel anything. I was getting irritated thinking that 1. I didn't eat enough and 2. maybe i just didnt react to shrooms. I love mushrooms in general so I didn't mind eating them by themselves. But they are kind of funky tasting. After about another half hour I went to bed because I got sleepy and felt slightly lightheaded from eating the steam. 

I watched tv in bed and after about another half hour is when I noticed a change. I was euphoric slightly. I felt extremely relaxed and gitty. I felt as if my skin was tingling with good sensations. It was kind of a geeking out feeling like when smoking pot. I had a hard time laying still. I felt great laying under the plush covers. My cat likes to sleep with us and I found that he (my cat) makes for the perfect thing to snuggle with this experience. He's so soft and cuddly and just purrs his heart out. I just nuzzled my face in his warm fur and closed my eyes. I had great closed eye visuals, it was like I was dreaming while still awake. 

After awhile my cat got tired of laying with me and moved. This was about 2am and I ate the stem at about 11. After my cat left, I couldn't leave my husband alone. I felt inclined to snuggle and touch him. I was wide awake at this point just feeling good. I didn't have any open eye visuals. It was getting late close to 3am and I really wanted to get some sleep. I had some vicodin left from my perscription for my sprained ankle. I took 1 5/500 pill to help make me drowsy and hopefully I would fall asleep in no time. I slept like a baby

I woke up the next morning at about 10:30 and felt great. No hangover feeling like when smoking pot. No drowsyness during the day. I felt normal and relaxed and lacked the normal day to day anxiety that I normally have. 

I wasn't sure what to make of this experience because I was too impatient to have a setting where I could evaluate myself well enough, I thought. 

