This would be the first time I experience mushrooms, I'm 15 and one day I got some shrooms from a friend and he gave me the BIG mushroom about the size of your whole hand he found plus a few small ones and he said eat them all.. He never mentioned how long for it to take affect I'm used to weed or that one's chest gets heavy when the effects are coming on. 

So one night my bro and I stayed up and I ate the big one and 2 small ones and he just ate 2 small ones. So we waited for the effects for about 25 minutes and we were thinking nothing was going to happen so we waited more and about 45 minutes after we ate them my chest started getting heavy and it was hard for me to breathe. For some reason I still wasn't worried and it's a good thing or else I would have had a bad trip.

My body started feeling kinda heavy but relaxing and felt good. We were only in my small bedroom with a cd player. We were laughing at the stupidest things, I took a bunch of pictures with my phone and if they were pictures with our faces our pupils were huge and we had a wide smile, we looked like aliens. Time felt like forever, 5 minutes felt like an hour which was kinda nice.

We put on music that I planned to put on then we changed our mind and ended up listening to the northstar singers Christmas carols 3 times. Then I stopped for a while and looked at a poster of a girl in a bikini on my wall, it was moving and bending bigger and smaller and was tripping me out. I closed my eyes and saw brilliant colorful changing visuals and thought, I feel like a druggie but this is fuckin awesome while my bro was freaking out about "the raccoon that was gunna bite him."

Then everything stopped. The feeling, the visuals, the laughing. I told my bro to go to sleep and I went to bed too. I laid my head down and I guess the visuals weren't all gone there was color underneath my eyelids.

I woke up in the morning with a minor headache, no nausea but, I know I had the biggest fart I ever had in my life. If I was going to bed drinking the hangover would have been a lot worse, but I still didn't feel all the way there inside my head the next day.

It was an awesome experience.