This was the week of Easter vacation, so I decided to do something new. That something new was Ecstasy. I had read about it  but was still a little skeptical about it. But once I got it I decided to dive headfirst into it without hesitation, so I did...

THE NIGHT BEFORE 
The night before I was drunk and out of the blue decided to call up someone who I knew could get it. He had said that they were good and I sure as hell hoped so since it would cost me 45 dollars for two. I knew very little of E at this time but I was pretty sure these were triple stacks for costing that much.

THE DAY OF 
I was going to go hang out with some friends of mine that day but wanted to get it before I met up with them. Waiting till about two to call my guy, (he normal sleeps till about this time) he amazingly picked up and was already out and about and said that he'd bring them to me in about 15 minutes. When I met him he told me to only take half at a time first because of how small I am. So of course I listened. I hurried home and cut a pill in half, and ate the first half. After about ten minutes I started feeling at ease and accepting. It was nothing crazy, almost like a coke high but without the numbing and not as intense. Soon enough my ride was here and it was time for me to go. So I brought a jug of water because I knew of the possibilities of dehydration on this particular drug. I also knew not to drink too much water because I could drown myself. In the car my friends asked why I had a gallon of water. I told them why and they laughed and shook they're heads. My one friend in the car who had done this E before asked how much I had and I told him. He asked for the other half and I said I'd think about it. I eventually gave him the other half.

THE NIGHT OF 
At this point in time the very minimal effects of this had worn off. We (the person who was driving and I) had dropped off the others and were heading to his place and later on were randomly going to his grandmothers for dinner. When we went back to his place I broke another half of the last pill up and cut it into small lines. I snorted three, and offered one to my friend, which he took. There was a small pile left and I decided just to lick the rest of it up. Besides I didn't like the drip of it and it burned going up my nostrils. 

We then left and I could feel it coming on. We got in the car and put some music on and began to talk a little. I was feeling at ease as though I was just going along smoothly, like I was rolling. This is when I realized it hit me pretty strong. We then put in the CD Walking With Thee by Clinic. It sounded amazing and went along perfectly with the moment. We got to our destination and I realized that I really wasn't hungry. I also realized it was rather hard to walk, like my legs were broken and made of Jell-O. Though that makes no sense at all I still made it through the door. At this time I was rolling really hard. I ate the food presented to me and then we went and sat in the living room. I stared at the ceiling lights just thinking, getting lost in an oblivion. I felt enlightened. We eventually left and I was still rolling pretty hard I laughed my way home because I realized that my friend's grandparents had to realize something was going on there. 

LATER ON THAT NIGHT 
I was home, my parents were asleep, and the E wore off by now. I decided to snort the other half. After doing this I started pacing cursing myself saying how much I hated the drip and how it burned going up my nose. I went out for a cigarette and that's when the effects started to take hold. As I looked at my cigarette and moved it I saw what I know as a "tracer" behind it. I could still see where it once was. When I would ash the cherry would burst off tiny sparks that looked amazing. I went back inside and watched television. American Wedding was on which I had never seen before and was interested in seeing. Again I was at ease, but this time very, very, much so. I then remembered it was Saturday night, which means Saturday Night Live is on so I changed the channel to watch it. Once I changed the channel and was watching it I realized something wasn't right. I notice that their faces were morphing like in that scene in Fear and Loathing when he's at the hotel check in, and the ladies face is bulging and transforming. Though I never did see a moray eel come from around their head. I look over at my lamp, which was doing the same exact thing. Then I looked at my dog and he face morphed as she yawned giving here a monster like look. SNL was over and then I watch American Pie for a while longer and then I tried to go to bet couldn't fall asleep. All I could do was close my eyes and watch my imagination form visuals.

THE MORNING AFTER 
I had somehow fallen asleep, and I felt tired. I got up to use the bathroom and it felt weird to walk. I decided this was sort of like a dehydrated feeling so I had some breakfast and drank some OJ. This helped a bit, but I was still tired.

The End