Looking through information online I have noticed there are very few reports that coincide with my own after effects of MDMA.
Keeping in mind that the decision to take this was spontaneous but also made after a considerable amount of alcohol was consumed.

After taking a 'bomb' (a quantity of substance wrapped within a cigarette paper) due to the length of time that had passed after taking the drug and no noticeable effect I then snorted a second quantity.  This hit almost immediately however I suspect that this probably took effect at the same time as what had been swallowed.  Effects were very pleasurable - general feeling of 'gliding', defiantly talking about things I have never discussed in the past and would not talk about under general circumstance.  People and objects looked much more pleasing however this was not necessarily a good thing as it led to an 'incident' that almost caused irreversible relationship damage.

In my self the effects lasted for about 8 hours with a peak after 2-3.  There was also time distortion – I am missing about 3 hours although it's not a memory blank, more likely my perception of the passing of time was altered.

The 'come down' was horrific – I do not usually suffer from hangovers and even when I have consumed a large volume of alcohol I generally only experience mild discomfort/upset stomach.  Headache was equivocal to a migraine, jaw extremely sore from clenching/grinding the previous night.  My stomach was also very painful however this could possibly be attributed to alcohol or a current medical condition.  I experienced extreme dizziness/vertigo for the following 2 days.  I felt a return to the 'trip' at around 14 hours after consumption.  Appetite loss lasted until 42 hours after ingestion.

For comparison I estimate that I took around 200mg of MDMA, a ridiculous amount of alcohol (aprox 8x35ml vodka and 1/3 of a pint of southern comfort) and half a line of cocaine.

I did not think the euphoria was worth the comedown..