Setting: Comfortable chair in living room, quiet 
Mindset/mood: Positive, Anticipation 
Duration: Primary effects 10 - 15 minutes / significant afterglow 

Comments : 

I wrote the following about an hour after the experience while it was still fresh in my mind. This was my first real breakthrough experience. I feel I have been close in the past, but there was no mistaking it this time. The two extractions I have tried were successful, but have never brought me even a tenth this far as this synthetic DMT. Even today there is significant wow factor as I think back about the experience. 

Trip Report : 

Took the first toke and immediately felt something. By the exhalation of the second toke things were picking up quickly. At this point room details become alive with movement, noticeably fuzzy, every detail alive. 

As I was inhaling the third toke the tearing started to rapidly increase in intensity, I don't even remember exhaling it. 

Tearing is felt rather than heard, doesn't really increase in tone as I've read, but increases in intensity to the point where I'm being torn from reality. Intensity of this tone is nothing I have ever felt before. At this point the room has disappeared, I feeling an incredible acceleration, no gravity is felt though so it's not like getting pushed into the back of my seat, more like flowing at the speed of light. There is movement of colours and lights around me, but all is happening too fast to catch any details. I would almost say I felt fear at this stage, but it wasn't really fear. An incredible feeling of exhiliration, too intense for fear to exist. Sensory overload, way too much stimuli I am unable to absorb any of it as it flies by. The tearing vibration and visual imagery are one entity, sort of a synesthesia like blend of senses. 

I am here, wherever that is, but this is definitely it. Initially I am so overwhelmed by all the movement everywhere and totality of the incredible intensity that I failed to look around. For what seemed like quite a long time I watched all the movement of the most incredible visuals. Absolutely blows away any substance I have ever ingested and many orders of magnitude, both in intensity and detail. There seems to be more than three dimensions. COMPLEX geometric objects that couldn't exist according to our laws of nature. One consisted of circles turning through each other in more than three dimensions. I couldn't even begin to draw it if I tried. Detailed audio hallucinations of warbling tones and other odd sounds. Again they are more felt rather than heard. There is a feeling I'm not alone, although I do not encounter anybody. 

All of the sudden I feel like I am dropped back into my body, I catch a split second view of my living room, then right back into the incredible visuals. Then back to my living room, I look around and WOW, I have never seen visuals like this. The painting is absolutely alive with fast 3d movement. I have never seen anything like it. I look up at the ceiling and the usual swimming plaster with other psychedelics is growing and shrinking in 3D, and of course swimming at the same time. I can feel the intensity dropping quickly now. I quickly look down at my hands, and nothing. I look around, almost all movement as ceased. There is some slight swimming of things similar to a low mushroom dose. I stand up and check the clock. 10 minutes has passed, however it really felt much shorter than that. Maybe 3 - 4. 

I am in awe. For the next 10 minutes I'm pacing around the house, the only words coming to my mind being 'holy crap' and 'wow'. The next 45 minutes after that, and even now I have incredible energy and euphoria. 

So much of the experience is just beyond words. I don't think I'll ever forget that intensity on the come up, absolutely incomprehensible.