Acid and Halloween

Let me first start out by saying that I am was 17 years old at the time of this trip and I am no stranger to LSD and its effects on the body and mind. I've tripped several times, but this is the most vivid experience I've ever had with this chemical. I've also done almost every other drug that you've heard of.

It was Halloween night, and me and the girl of my choice at the time (we'll call her Ally) really want to trip. She had never tripped before so I explained to her that this could really fuck with her mind. She was still intent on dropping so we called up a buddy and had the acid to us within a half hour. We purchased 2 hits for me and 1 for her. This was around 9:30 that we dropped. I had about 9 people in my car at the time so I needed to get them all home. I didn't want a car crammed full of people when we started tripping-things could go very bad. I've drivin' on every drug I've done including LSD and I've never gotten pulled over or had a ticket, but I just didn't want to take any chances.

Around 10:00 P.M. I get everyone out of my car except for Ally and  two other of my friends (Zee and B). We headed over to my other friend Ari's house to see whats up and to see if he wants to hang out for a while. He is deathly afraid of LSD so he opted not to take a ride with us. We go over to Zee's house and on the way there the effects are kicking in farely well. It's around 10:15 and I'm getting very good tracers and I'm feeling very euphoric. 

Around 10:20 we get to Zee's house because that's where we thought we were staying for the night. We all stood out in the driveway while Ally and I were tripping and we all had a cigarette. Ally isn't saying much, but I sure as hell am. B grew up in a bad part of town and is pretty ghetto. I start yammering on about how he's a white trash piece of shit, and that I'm going to kick his ass. B is a guy you don't want to say this shit to. He realizes that I'm just tripping and he doesn't get too pissed off. By they way I don't mean anything of what I'm saying to B even when I was saying it. I just say stuff like that to get a rise out of my friends and that night was feeling good about myself. 

Around 10:45 we head inside after the cig and go to Zee's room. Zee's room is full of vibrant colors so this was amazing. Ally and I just layed on the floor staring at everything in amazement. We kept on staring at the rug on the floor that had streets all over it like a little kids play rug. The roads were moving all over the place and the tracers were intense. The euphoria was kicking in to high gear and we were both happier than ever. I knew what was going on and what to expect so I wasn't sayin much about the hallucinations. Ally kept talking about the roads on the rug and how they are moving. After awhile I was finishing her sentences. She would start saying 'Just look at how they..' and I would end with 'Dude I know.' 

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

After about a half hour of that Zee was farely drunk off of some liquor as well as B. Then Zee's dad woke up and realized that there were more people than expected in the house and all he wanted was Ally out of the house. I couldn't just let her walk home so I had to split as well. Which was really good because we could not stay in that place much longer. We wanted to be around people and we already thought that the night was coming to an end at that place when we just started tripping about an hour ago. And Zee and B would not let me drive but now they had no choice but to let us go. Ally and I hopped in my car and lit a cigarette. We just kept watching how the cigarette burns and how great it looks while it does its thing. We didn't know where to go after that so I pulled over at a grocery store parking lot. I Say to myself 'it's fucking halloween night, there is deffinetly a party somewhere.' I phone up my buddy A and he was already plastered from the massive party he is having. He yells at me for tripping and not being at his party, so we head on over to A's house.

By the time we get there it's around 11:30 and almost everyone there is trashed. People are dressed up in outrageous costumes and it's completey tripping us out. We automatically become the life of the party because everyone there is only drunk and we are tripping balls off of this amazing acid. Everyone starts talking to us and it's an amazing conversation. We decide to play some pool, but not really. We kinda just head over to the pool table and shoot a few and that got old fast. So I'm on one side of the table and Ally is on the other. When all of the sudden this guy C goes behind her without her knowing and acts like he's smacking her ass. This really pissed me off for some reason and I just start pointing at him yelling 'What the fuck is wrong with you!?' He comes up to me and gives me a high five and from then on all is well, or so I would think. 

Everyone was completely fucking with me the whole night after they found out I was tripping. One guy kept on walking behind me making weird noises thinking that I would thinkg that it was just in my head. Most of there bullshit didn't work. It was what they weren't thinking of doing which really fucked me over. They were arranging themselves in defferent ways all the time and I thought this whole party was a practicle joke for me. My mindset was cmpletely fucked and I didn't know what to believe anymore. I thought I had seen some video of what they were doing on youtube before, but I couldn't put my finger on it. 

I can't tell you what time this is all happening in because I didn't look at a clock the rest of that night. I decided I needed to get out of that house for a little while to cool my thoughts. So we head out to one of my friends cars to go smoke a bowl. My buddy and I both smoked down one bowl and that calmed me down. We went back to the party it went back to just how it was before. Everything in there was fucked and I was the only sane person in the room. When really it was the other way around. I talked with C to get things straight and he assured me that he wasn't fucking with me. Which he really was the only one who wasn't fucking with me that night. Then I realized I was having this complex over this little detail about C from the trip. This happens sometimes but never happened to me before so I wasn't ready for it. 

I think it's around 2:00 A.M. and people start passing out from the booze so it's less people to fuck with me which is good. I decide I just need to go in my little corner and just think. Acid is the most amazing drug to think on because when you start thinking about things, you can solve any problem. I get into this argument with myself about the beginning of time and the meaning of life and everything about the universe. When Ally comes out of where ever she was and wants to know what's wrong. I tell her that  there are just too many things going through my mind right now that I can't even begin to tell her the most subtle detail of what I am contemplating right now. She kinda wigs out and then suffices with a smoke outside. 

After the smoke we head inside and there are so many questions running through my head the only 2 phrases I said for the wrest of the night were 'what the fuck?' and 'what is going on?' and maybe the occasional one word answer to someone. A decides that I'm wigging out too bad and takes me up stairs and throws me in a bed. The only problem is that I can't sleep. You can't sleep when you're in that deep of thought. I go back downstairs telling myself that there has to be more to this night. 

The buddy who smoke a bowl with me is playing guitar hero so I sit and watch him for a while. Due to the weird and almost traumatic experiece I am not really paying attention to the screen but from what I remember the colors were amaand moving very rapidly and stretching out into space. It's nearing the end of the party where everyone is passed out and A is still awake along with 2 others. Ally and I decide to walk over the conversation. I am still only saying to my self 'what the fuck' or 'what is going on' and everyone decides to ignore me. Ally is almost at the end of her trip and I'm just finished with my peak, but was just in awe of what just happened I can't stop thinking about if everything is fucked or I am. I start thinking that I'm insane, but I keep it to myself because I don't want others to think that I think that I might be insane.

Ally takes me over the the couch and just sits with me and we fall asleep together. I only get a few hours of sleep and am recapping all the went along the following night. I am still getting a little tracers going along and think that I might be in a perma-trip. Then I say no that can't be possible, I'm just coming down it's all good. The whole car ride back to Ally's house was weirder than hell. I wasn't hallucination, I just felt all weird and tingly. After all the of passed drugs I have done I start twitching sometimes. So now I am twitching very weirdly and Ally is wondering if I will make it to her house alright.

We get to the driveway and realize that we are safe. I apologize to her for wiggin kinda bad but she didn't really think I wigged out. Maybe it was all in my head. So anyway we start making out and she gives me a hand job and she takes off. I drive home and then have to mow the lawn and clean the gutters while still semi-tripping.

While many would call this a bad trip, I do not. I have never had a bad trip out of all the many times I have tripped. The experience was just very vivid and weird to me and something to learn from. The visuals were amazing. Especially when driving the yellow lines in the center are awesome. And the deep conversation I had with myself was one of the most intense things ever. I am a weird guy in the fact that I know I will never have a bad trip. You just have to be in the right mind set.