Well, it all started at the beach. We were celebrating 420 and I decided to start the day with some Puerto Rican shrooms. This is my second time experimenting with shrooms. So I get to the beach and eat about a 40 or 45 of dry shrooms and drink it down with a beer. I started feeling it early. I was already tripping and feeling kind of weak. The ocean and sky never looked so beautiful. The water was a deep dark blue and then shifted to a lighter blue. It looked like three different levels of water. I was staring at a tall building that began to wiggle a little.

I knew that I had eaten too many, but I thought I could handle it. We started to leave the beach and I felt really weak, it could have been from lying down in the sun and not drinking water. Time was going by very slow. When we finally got to the car I felt totally lost. I was tripping hard off music and voices. Sometimes I couldn't understand what my friends were telling me and music seemed to be mumbling. I had no clue where I was or were I was going. All that was running through my mind was tons of questions with no answers.

During the car ride I felt nauseous, an uncontrollable yawn, and a constant feeling of having to piss. I had many weird thoughts of suicide and killing people (but these were only thoughts). I was lost and confused the whole ride. We ended up in McDonalds at one point. I felt dirty and felt that I had to cleanse myself. Water was sacred to me for some reason. While in the bathroom, I was forcing myself to puke, I had mucus coming out of my nose and I was pissing. Crazy thing were happening in the bathroom, I felt lost yet safe. I was all over the bathroom floor. I washed myself up and went outside. We got back into the car and I was tripping hard. It was more of a mind trip. Way too many questions running through my head. At one point I didn't care about life or death. Nothing made sense to me, school,the law, death, human races, nothing at all.

When I got into my neighborhood I was totally lost. Nothing seemed normal and it felt like it was my first time there. After bad tripping for a few hours, I decided I was going to take a bath and go to sleep, I felt exhausted. So as I'm taking a shower and listening to music, I started to feel great. I felt so pure and clean. I was enjoying life. It felt as if I had died earlier and then I was reborn. I got out of the shower fully energized and pumped. I felt like life was beautiful. Everything felt great and I felt like nothing can go wrong. I would at the sky and flowers and see the beauty in them.

Then we had to celebrate the rest of 420 by buying a 20 of fire ass weed. My friend came later with a 50. We were smoking out of bowls and blunts. We even hot boxed an expedition. I actually smoked myself sober, or at least I felt sober. I had a bad headache so I went to bed. I woke up this morning feeling pretty good, still with a slight headache and exhausted. And that was pretty much my trip, it was the worst/best trip ever. I'm still trying to figure out what made my trip bad, the dehydration or too many shrooms.

[Author reports ingesting 2.5 grams during the entirety of this experience.]