##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

This was my fourth or fifth time with elf spice. First, I smoked 40 mg with my vaporizing pipe, resulting in only slight effects, like an engine starting, really. Mind you, I was on 10 mg per day Prozac, but in the process of tapering down from my prescription. 10 mgs fluoxetine is not much, but still possibly having some sort of effect.

Anyway, I set up the pipe again, now with around 65 mg. Sat down and hit it. My technique's been improving, the mechanics of the smoking are easier every time.

This time, blastoff.

The room started dancing, every object in the room was ALIVE, along with me, I stepped into the ultimate reality of being, everything was pulsing with LIFE, every inanimate and animate object. My stereos and loudspeakers were vibrating and flowing a harmonious dance, my small palm tree was glowing, no, pulsing, no, dancing in the bliss of existence. The room was laughing at me, no, WITH me, a beautiful cosmic joke. Suddenly I felt the spirit or something of a certain person, not really somebody I meet often or have a deep friendship. It wasn't ominous, it was just strange and thought-provoking. Why this person? 

Anyhow, this was perfectness, this was too good, I felt like I want to stay here forever, and it almost seemed possible. 

Then I closed my eyes.

Whoooosh, I was blown into vortex of colours, shapes, sizes and dimensions. This was not 3D, this was infini-D, abstract existence, body forgotten, dance of thought, mind and spirit, merging into the matrix, something, forever, whatever.

I felt safe, I heard a voice, probably myself, saying, relax, let go, enjoy the ride. And boy was it a ride, through these multidimensional states of being, colours, shapes, afterwards the movie Blueberry comes to mind, yes it is beautiful but one has to FEEL it, not see it, words fail, it was front and back and there and where all at the same time and in pulsing perfect perfectness.

Click.

No sound, freezing of reality. White light, silence, black dots, stop. A flashing moment of eternity, something empty and full at the same time.

Open eyes. Coming back. Slightly disappointed of being pulled out paradise. 

I feel like I crippled by language when trying to describe the experience, but I hope I've conveyed something.