This was my first time taking Ecstacy and I have to say that I throughly enjoyed the trip very much.  I cannot possibly stress how important it is to be with good friends for your first time.  With that, to the trip:

So I had been wanting to try X for a while, and being that I live in the San Fransisco Bay Area its hard not to, as the culture here constantly stresses use of the drug, locally known as Thizz, Slap, and the traditional names E, X, and Ecstasy.  One of my best friends, who happens to be a Thizz dealer and connossieur (sp?), is always trying to get me to do it with him, but I was always pretty apprehensive about it due to the inevitable horror stories you always hear and the fact that my wife was utterly opposed to me doing any drugs other than MJ.  Anyway, he was getting married in April '07 and decided against the traditional 'Strippers and Beer' bachelor's party and instead opted for a 'Guys-Only E Trip' party with 2 or 3 sober sitters.  Well, lets get to it.

There were about 10-12 of us (close friends, all 5+ years of knowing each other) at my friends house (a rural residence on about 3 acres of pasture land).  After making everyone swear on their lives that my wife wouldn't find out, I popped my first pill at about 8:00 pm.  

This particular night, my friend had about 45 pills of the 'Chinese Symbol' category (Small, maybe 50-100mg red pills with some Chinese symbol stamped on them) for us to share.  I was nervous, but the company of my good, lifelong dudes comforted me.  After about an hour I didn't feel anything, so I was advised to take another pill.  So I did.

By 10:00, however, I still wasn't feeling anything.  I thought this had to be due to my not-exactly petite stature (I'm 6'2' tall and 200 lbs) combined with the large quantity of tacos I had consumed around 6:30.  I decided to take a third pill.  By 11:00 pm I still didn't feel anything, and began to feel disappointed and rather mad.  I remember thinking over and over how bad I wished I didn't take the pills so I could have just got fucked-up drunk.  

I found that the major topic of conversation between the fellas (4 of whom were also first-time X takers) was how the drug was affecting them.  The bachelor, being quite the expert, assured me that these pills were completely pure and that it was very high quality MDMA.  He himself had started off with 5 pills.  Most of the guys were taking only 1 or 2 each.

My trip began around 11:30 pm, I'd say.  I was sitting in the theatre room (3 couches and a movie projector playing Windows Media Player graphics and E-40 and Mac Dre records on a 70 inch screen) talking with two friends about the effects of the drug.  They had each taken two pills and were Thizz veterans.  They were perplexed as to why the drug wasn't hitting me, and decided it would be good for me to try an enhancer.  They advised that I put some Vick's Vapor Rub under my nose (not sure what this is supposed to do), smoke a cigar, and drink an energy drink.  The Vapor Rub didn't seem to be doing anything so I poured some Rock Star into a cup.  I drank about half the cup and decided to go outside and smoke a cigar.

As soon as I stood up, however, it hit me.  It hit me hard.  I rose off the couch and, stopped dead in my tracks, I said to my friends 'I can't feel my legs'.  All at once my legs, hands, ears, and all other extremities began to tingle immensely.  They turned on the lights and said my pupils were GIGANTIC.  They both concurred that I was definitely slappin' and called the Bachelor in to give me my official 'Thizz Stamp' (a Bay Area tradition).  

I won't go into too much detail, I'll just say that for the next 3-6 hours we just sat there in the theatre room, telling stories, laughing, bonding, and just generally loving life.  I say 3-6 hours not because the drug distorted my perception of time, but because we were so lost in the amazing atmosphere of the house and having so much fun that I just lost track of time.  I compare this experience to spending time with my wife when we first started dating - pure bliss, love, and happiness.

By the time the sun came up (maybe 5:45 or 6:00), the sober sitters had fallen asleep and a few of the fellas had went home.  There were about 6 of us left in the theatre room, still talking and joking, wide awake.  We decided to put on the movie Grandma's Boy, but we didn't really pay attention to it, as we were busy chatting it up.

At about 8:30 am, I bid a quite fond (hugs and embraces galore, borderline homosexual) farewell to my buddies and drove home.  I was still wide awake and was actually unable to sleep until about 4 pm, when I took a short nap.  I went to work that night at 10:00 pm still feeling very happy and alert.  I am crystal clear on all of the night's events and conversations and am very thankful I was able to share such an amazing experience with my close friends and buddies.

Its been almost two months since then.  I eventually told my wife that I had popped the pills (can't keep anything from her hehe).  She was mad at first but was glad that I told her and happy that it went well and I was with friends.  

Overall, it was a very pleasurable experience that I liken again to the onset of a crush or the early stages of romantic love.  While I did feel very close and affectionate with my friends, I didn't feel any of the horniness or sexual arousal that supposedly comes with the X high.  Just simple bliss. 

I would imagine that I'll be doing this drug again, but will likely wait a few months between each time.  I don't feel any need (psychosomatic, physiological, or otherwise) to do it, I just liked the feeling and would enjoy another night like that Bachelor's party in April.  Again, I cannot possibly stress how important and meaningful it was to enjoy this experience in the presence of true friends.  I hope my testimony and my glaring support for this drug will help other first-timers in their journey to the world of Slaps.  Peace, everyone.