##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

A normal weekend, other than the rare and sudden call from a friend who could obtain those mushrooms I was always looking for. I let most of my friends have first dibs on the stuff and then I just kept what was left over. My friends had described heavy trips off of very small doses of this certain strain. Most of the friends taking doses of around 2 grams or less.

It was a normal monday night, bowling league night for my place of work, a few coworkers and a manager making up the remainder of the team. I sit at home after taking a shower and getting ready for the night at hand. The remainder of the mushrooms were sitting on my desk and I had intended on taking some for the night of bowling. I knew I had about 7.5 grams left and I didn't want to really have to deal with having them in my possession any longer than I already had. I save a gram and a half for one of my team members and pour the remaining 6 grams onto my desk and prepare to consume. I start to eat them, downing them with a handy soda. Typical mushroom taste and stomach feeling. And then it is time to leave. **Disclaimer: Driving while intoxicated or under the influence of any mind altering substance is extremely dangerous and is probably not a good idea (of course it took this experience to realize the severity of that claim)**

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

I take off down the highway for my about 20-30 minute trip to the bowling alley. When I get closer to the alley I notice and extreme increase in the amount of lights that are usually around that area of town. I'm driving and thinking that I feel really good, but there is a slow realization that this is just the beginning of something huge.

I arrive at the bowling alley, still climbing, but rapidly. I go into the bowling alley, and there are visuals abound, morphing of designs and colors, and they are the most intense visuals I have ever seen (so far at least). I find my teammates and tell the non-manager ones what I have consumed just to keep them in the know.

At this point I had gone to get a large lemonade and had settled down in a good seat. We luckily had to bowl against a ghost team, which would likely lessen the possible problems that my state of mind might cause. I start to become overwhelmed with anxiety. I have always had the anxiety before the peak of mushroom trips, but this time it was more intense and was actually frightening me at one point. I was convinced that I couldn't handle being in a public place and I kept telling my teammates that I was going to go home, which would have actually been the worst idea. 

At this point I am experiencing ever increasing visuals (like seeing myself drinking out of a pool of lemonade whenever I took a drink from my beverage), and feel that I am on the verge of a panic attack. I'm slowly realizing that there is nothing I can do to stop what is coming, and I finally give up my mental fight of control.

This is the gateway into my real trip, my peak where all of this has been leading up to. I would say there was about 2 hours in between me eating the mushrooms initially and the peak. My mind loses its attachment from reality and I am plunged into a very intense, long, and spiritual journey. The way I rationalize my mental state is the following:

If you think of your mind in two parts, the part that controls yourself in the real world, and your unconscious. I believe that I, the normal controller of my physical body was plunged into the world of my unconscious and the physical body was controlled by the unconscious and was able to function in a minimal fashion. Later talks with my bowling team mates said I bowled normally, but didn't talk to any of them expect for random illegible comments throughout the night.

Anyways, the visuals were intense yet intermittent. I would be bowling a frame, and I would see a few different things. First I would see other people bowling, but at the end of their approach they would go into slow motion and everyone would slowly turn their heads and stare very deeply into my eyes. Other times I would be bowling a frame, and I would see nobody in the bowling alley, keep in mind that this was a pretty busy night for the bowling alley, with the league and monday night football going on. And my mind would go through these visuals multiple times throughout the whole night of bowling.

As for what I was going through mentally. I began thinking of the universe, and I slowly started breaking down layers and layers of actual existence until I got to the lowest form of life, atoms. I went through every chemistry and physics class I had ever taken in around thirty minutes. And after thinking of all the molecular science, I went on and convinced myself, that the world we live in, the existence that I had survived in for so many years, wasn't real. This was a hard thing to come to terms with for me, it was a very profound thought, and such a shock to my system. Existence was nonexistence. At this point I had probably been peaking for around 2 hours, 2 hours of no control over my own reality.

And bowling was over, we bowled three games and I averaged about a 150 for the night which was actually pretty normal for me at that time. I think the shock of knowing I had to leave kind of kicked me out of my mental trip. I continued to have strong visual hallucinations but I had regained control of my body in the physical realm. 

Me and one of my team members decide to go to a local mexican restaurant to get some post bowling munchies. I get there and decide to order the 15 dollar order of nachos that is made for like four people, when there is only me and one friend. We get the nachos and about 3 chips in I lose interest and want to go home. Holding interest in food when I have been on mushrooms has always been a hard task for me. Other motivating factors were the heavy visuals that I was still having, seeing many other people in the restaurant with deformed faces. 

I get home and continue to body trip for a few hours before falling asleep, waking up in the morning, the world is fresh and everything feels brand new.

Let me just say that this one experience, was life changing and changed the way I thought about everything from that day forth. For the people who want to know about religious and spiritual experiences, this is one of my first, and after the initial anxiety it was very very intense and good. I believe my state of mind at the beginning of the night was one of the deciding factors on the possibility of a bad trip. It was a good day and I was in positive spirits before taking the mushrooms. And if I had not been in a good mood, this could have been a very disastrous experience for my mind to go through.