I was at a party with my friends and we were waiting on E, which eventually never came around, so our buddy offered us acid for $10 a hit. I took my first hit around 9:45pm that night. At around 10:45 I barely felt anything, but had extreme euphoria.

By about 11:00pm, me and my friend 'Jack' decided to take a walk up to the goat farm up the road. We always went up there drunk looking to kill a goat. I took my second hit when we got up there. I got up to a goat and just started to pet it as I looked at 'Jack' and said 'Do I punch it?' We both decided it didn't seem right to do so. About that time we heard a loud crash that started echoing in my head and ran.

Back at the party around midnight we went on the roof and played with the shapes of the clouds. The visuals made it possible to separate them in the sky with my fingers. Back in the house I saw "Jacks" girlfriend walking around like a ghost. The tracers got really intense from then on.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

Around 2:00am, me, "Jack", and "Mark" decided to go to our friend 'Mary's' house. We drove up the road as it swerved left and right. It was coming at me in all different directions. We got on the highway and all the lights were neon streaks. A Maryland State Trooper drove by us so we decided to go left into a parking lot to get away, even though he already drove by. It seemed like a good idea at the time. So for about 20 minutes "Jack" and "Mark" are trying to direct me out of the parking lot as we're just going in circles. Eventually we exited after nearly going into oncoming traffic.

When we finally got to "Mary's" neighborhood it was like driving in fairy tale land. All white houses with white picket fences. We pulled into a long driveway and kind of got lost there. We went back and forth. When I realized I was tripping out too hard to back up, we looked for a place in this driveway to turn around. Mind you it's past 2:30am in some neighborhood we barely know. We thought there was a field to the right I could turn my truck into, but it looked like it dropped off into a cliff. When neither of them would get out to check, I put on the brake and went and petted the grass to make sure it was level. It was, so I proceeded to go through and turn around.

When we left the neighborhood we went to Denny's where all our friends were. Only 4 of us went in, and that's where I really started to trip. I sat at the marble table as it seemed to smear and fold all over itself. The hairs on my arm started waving like I was under water. When I decided I'm tripping to hard, I just walked out freaking out hardcore but maintained to keep my cool. When I attempted to drive back to the house with "Mark", I stalled the truck out twice. Driving an automatic would have been the more logical thing to do.

When we got back, I took another hit and the rest is history. My mind was pretty gone. I don't know how I was able to walk around at that point. I vaguely remember chewing on my shirt and beating a drum along with staring at myself in the mirror for over and hour because of how crazy my face was changing. My shadows made me look like Jesus and I smoked over 2packs of cigarettes in less than 6 hours. I tripped for a good 14hours.

I recommend tripping if you're NOT DRIVING. Granted it was the most fun thing I've ever done in my life, it was probably also the dumbest. I really SHOULD have died with my friends. DO NOT DRIVE.