I was sitting at home on a sunny weekend day, on the computer talking to a few friends on instant messager. One of my trusted friends casually told me she had a few rolls, and that they were pretty strong, and definately pure. I bought one of them for $25, and planned to take it later on, at a party.

Her dealer told me that if I wanted it to work faster, and be stronger, to parachute it, and he explained this to me.

When I finally got to the party, a few hours later, I was really anticipating the roll. I parachuted it at around 7:00, and sat around at a bonfire just waiting for it to happen. 

A few friends who knew what I was doing kept asking if I was feeling it, I still wasn't, even 40 minutes later. Suddenly one of my friends walked up, arriving at the party. I looked at him and just said, hey. Man, I love you. I was a little surprised at what came out of my mouth. I didn't really think about what I was saying... 

My friends just stared at me for a moment, and all of a sudden it hit me. I could really feel the warmth of the fire on my legs, and a huge smile came across my face. My friends who knew just looked at me and laughed, and I said, Man, NOW, I am feeling it.

I wasn't planning to tell anyone else I was rolling at the party, but once I started to talk to someone new, even if I didn't know them, [met A LOT of new people], I would tell them I was rolling. I felt compelled to tell them considering whoever I would talk to I would kind of just rub my hands all over them [in a non-sexual way].

The host of the party had a hot tub, so a girl told me to come chill with her in the hot tub [just a friend] I gave her a HUGE long hug and proceeded to take off my pants, because I didn't have a swimsuit, and get in the hot tub. Generally, when I'm not rolling, I make kind of. sexual noises when I get into a hot tub. You probably know what I mean. Getting in this hot tub was that feeling x100. I was full blown moaning in there. It wasn't sexual or anything, it just felt REALLY good. I was in the hot tub for about 20 minutes before I got out. Everyone's legs were extremely smooth and this felt amazing, I didn't care who you were I was rubbing up against you. In MY mind, none of this was sexual. they understood this and didn't mind too much.

When I was done in the hot tub, I walked around for a few more hours, meeting MANY new people, stroking everyone's arms, and giving everyone I knew somewhat as many hugs as possible. Not to mention, all the cigarettes I smoked. I wasn't a normal smoker, but when I was rolling smoking felt really relaxing.

I was beginning to come down when we left, the ride home was fun with all the music. My friends were goofing around and dancing in the car. I joined them, but it wasn't as fun as I thought it would be. Just normal feeling. I was at the baseline.

I got home and felt very tired and a little bitchy. I wrapped up in a blanket and cursed under my breath happily to how much fun I had. I went to bed and slept amazingly. I woke up the next morning feeling quite tired, but not depressed. I was a little bitchy the next couple of days, but it soon went away.

This was my first time on ecstasy. But it definitely wouldn't be my last.

