My experience of bad tripping

I would like to share my latest Ecstasy expeprience with everyone so maybe someone can avoid the fear I got when something un-expected happens.

I did my first X pill about 1 month prior to this report. It wasn't much at all. Not even close to what I had expected. So I basically blew off $20.

Alright..now I knew a month later I was getting ready to do something again.. So I cleaned up my room so that me and my buddy would have a good enviornment to do our drug in.

4th of July my friend calls me and told me he can get us some really really good X. So naturally me and my buddy Trevor bought..hoping they would be better than our last rolls.

We got em around midnight and my friend took his pill right away.
Waiting about an hour and nothing happend. I was thinking 'well damn we wasted another $20'. Bummer.

I went and sat at the computer for another half hour and my friend comes to me with an amazed look on his face and told me 'damn dude this shit was worth the money and the wait'.

So by then my parents are asleep and I go ahead and drop my roll and waited. About a half hour later I felt really queezy and I was close to losing my stomache. I was talking to the guy who got me the X and he said this was normal.(I didn't experience this with the roll I took a month before.)

So I go to the bathroom and wait to puke and one of my other friends called me. I was talkin to him for awhile and I got a rushing to my head. I told my friend to hang on because I was coming up fast..so I close my eyes and let it hit me. At that point I thought I was peaking. Not even close.

Now, my dealer only told me I should have 1 rush and I'd be peaking.

I had an over whelming rush of happiness as I called him back and told him it was the best. I walk to my kitchen to grab a bottle of water and I get another huge rush to my head. Even more intense than the last..and that's when I start freaking out.

My dealer is like a brother to me..and if it wasn't for him I wouldn't be typing this today.

I was telling him that it happend again and that I thought I was gonna pass out..and I thought I wasn't breathing and he told me it was all in my head and that I need to calm down.

I calmed down and the rush was over and I was telling him that I'm having a good time again. It wasn't over.

I continue talking to him and I get a 3rd rush. Even more intense than the previous 2. That was it for me. I thought I was dieing. I wanted to cry and I couldn't concentrate on anything. I was pacing back and forth very fast and my hallway was waving around and I was scared to walk down it. I was telling my dealer that I think I was going to tell my dad to take me to the hospital. (I don't freak with every drug..but when I experience the un-expected I do freak out.) I ripped off my shirt because it was getting hot and I had this rash all over my chest..and I spazzed big time. My dealer told me it was just from the heat and I trusted him.

Now my friend who I was rolling with was spaced out and when I walked back in my room he saw I was freakin and he helped me through as well. 

As soon as I got to the peak it was all fine. I felt good, danced the night away and confessed my love to everyone.. Lol.


Bad trips are bound to happen I think I have to tell myself that I already took the drug and there is nothing I can do to stop it. It's in my system..don't fight it. Let it hit me and be positive and I'll have a great time.
