One of my friends mentioned that he had some crystal Ketamine and offered to sell me some.  I'd never tried it before, but figured that it'd be worth ago, from the reports online, it sounded more or less like a good time.

I weighed out ~100mg (give or take a few mg) and cut it into two lines (~50mg a piece).  Seeing as how I had just woken up and was very hungry, I decided I'd rail 50mg and then fix myself some breakfast.  While breakfast was cooking, I'd bump another 25mg, grab my breakfast, bump the rest and go watch TV.

T+0:00 - insufflated 50mg

T+0:15 - I wasn't feeling very much and figured that after 15 minutes, I should be feeling at least something.  I proceeded to insufflate another 25mg before finishing up on the computer and fixing breakfast.

T+0:20 - I'm still not feeling very much, so I write it off as a loss and figure I'll go ahead and fix something to eat.  As soon as I stand up, I fall right onto the ground.  Apparently this jostled it into action and I started feeling it a lot.  Very subtle come-up, that's one of the things that I like in a drug.

T+0:30 - My breakfast is just about finished, so I decide this would be a good time to set up the Simpsons DVD to watch while I eat.  The effects are starting to come in full-swing by now, I have to walk along the wall to keep from falling down.  If I move my head too quickly (or even at all), it feels like a game of Pong, and my vision bounces back and forth for a second before settling on what I'm trying to look at.  I insufflate the last 25mg

**I'm still surprised I didn't burn myself cooking breakfast

T+0:40 - I'm finished with breakfast and just lying on the couch watching Simpsons.  I go to adjust my position (roll over a little bit) and promptly fall off the couch.  It feels like I actually watched myself fall and I bust out laughing at myself.

T+1:00 - I go back to my computer figuring that a game of Grid Wars is in order.  I proceeded to play better than I ever had before, probably partially due to the fact that I felt a little like I was actually in the game.  Amazing.

T+1:15 - Things are starting to settle down a little bit physically, meaning that I can now actually walk in a straight line without the need for any supports.  I get my dog and go for a walk around the block.  Seeing as how I can hold myself together physically, while the mental effects are still relatively vivid, I pretty much feel like I'm on top of the world.  The walk around the block was amazing.

T+2:15 - Everything is, for the most part, back to normal, but I'm still a little slow mentally.  It didn't quite last as long as I would've liked it to, but what it lacked in time, it more than made up for in fun.

T+4:00 - I was pretty much 100% back to normal, as in full control of my motor skills, brain wasn't shaking around on me, and I could think normally, but I still felt a little... weird.  I still can't quite put my finger on it (about T+5:00 now).


Would I do it again?  Most definitely.  Probably tomorrow.  haha
I hope that this was a well-written and decently informative experience report, it's the first one I've ever written (about anything).