This is the first time Ive done anything like shrooms.  Ate them with a friend who tripped a few days earlier.  I had a bit more than him, raw, and then ate a big sub to kill the taste.  I had about an 1/8th.

+30 mins
Drove to the pool and chilled with a bunch of people.  Began to feel slightly disoriented.  No major effects

+60 mins (1 hour)
Everything is shimmering.  Some crazy lady who lives in the complex came down and I noticed how her cellulite covered legs blended into the concrete.  The water is reflecting diamond patterns at me.  Went to the bathroom and the mirror confused me a little, there was a blur around a few large signs that made it hard to read.

+90 mins
Went for a swim, the water feels weird to me and I feel like a fish.  Everything is amusing, especially the woman.  I mostly just chill and listen to other people talk.  I can't understand much of my own speech.

+120 mins (2 hours)
I am tripping really hard.  Noise from the highway is confusing and distorting around my head like some kind of insect.  The trees look alive and resemble some kind of organic sculpture.   Thats about the extent of the hallucinations

+240 mins (4 hours)
I am still tripping extremely hard and laughing at pretty much anything.  My friend seems recovered from his shrooming and someone pick him up, because I am to fucked up to drive.  I went to go get him stuff from my car and feel like I am part of some kind of movie.  The yellow tinted glasses trip me out really crazy.  I am not concious of the speed I am moving at and time is at a standstill.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

+300 mins (5 hours)
I decide I need to get home, as I no longer know anyone around me, they are friends of my friends, and so it is strange and confusing. Thinking that I am somehow no longer tripping, I attempt to drive but its confusing and dangerous.  Traffic is like a sea of movement and the cars and trucks look like fish or some kind of eel.  This was a huge mistake.  I somehow manage to get to a friends house where I slowly come down, feeling hungover for the next 12 hours.

Total time was about 6 hours.  I felt it was very draining and I am not likely to do it again, as I am not a drug user.  However, I felt that it was worth it for me in the sense of the experience it provided.