This experience report is not about the typical E high, it's about my bad trip on E during which I hallucinated. 

On a sunny day me and three of my buddies decided to pop some E! First I popped one, then the other in about 30 minutes. We got pretty high and then all four of us started craving for more as soon as someone said, 'this feeling is gonna go away'. 

In about one and a half hours after the second pill, I popped the third one. When it kicked in, I was very very high, and I already started noticing some patterns on objects. I kept on seeing things with the side of my eye, but as soon as I looked at them they dissapeared. It was very small hallucinations, however it was just the beginning.

In about an hour after the third pill, I popped the fourth one, the last one. That's when it got fucked up. After about 45 minutes from consuming it, we arrived at a place with about 10 people just chilling around. The pill kicked in, in a bad way right then. I was kinda bored, and was just listening to my friend talk. Then all of the sudden, his mouth turned red inside and started bleeding a little. In a second from that, his nose did the same, and then his eyes. But his eyes didn't actually bleed, they just turned into a deep bloody red color on the pupils and around the eyes. It looked something like he was wearing a lot of make-up around his eyes. As soon as I saw that happen to him, I freaked out and looked away. I was telling my self it's just a hallucination, but at the time I didn't know Ecstasy makes you hallucinate like this! I quickly went to tell what I saw to my friend. I started talking and he was listening, but then the same thing starts happening to his face! When I saw the blood I just yelled out, nooo! In about 5 minutes of thinking about it, I realize there's nothing to worry about, so I started observing my friend's face. It looked amazingly 3D. I couldn't get my eyes off it, it looked so real and I was amazed.

In around one and a half hours, people's faces seemed to be getting back to normal. I also saw other hallucinations, but they were small and funny looking things. 

In an hour after the hallucination was almost gone, I looked at my and my friend's faces, and we had huge blue bags under our eyes which looked so very disgusting and disturbing. We looked burnt out and dead. 

Soon after that we all went home, but the 'fun' for me didn't end there. I went on my computer for about an hour. I logged onto MSN, and tried talking to people, but my vision was so blurry, I coundn't see anything. I made the letters bigger and started understanding what is being said a little bit better. After a while, all the struggling pissed me off so I just headed straight to my bed. 

I was trying to fall asleep in the dark, trying not to think about anything related to bleeding faces. in about 2 hours of lying down in my bed doing nothing, I started getting those short movies in my head. It was a lot of fun dreaming them actually. The short dream is so realistic, that in the dream, I would say what am I doing here wasn't I sleeping. The dream ends at a point where I trip, fall, or maybe get scared. You wake up in a twitch. I had about a 100 of those dreams through out the night. I kept waking up in a twitch every 5-10 minutes, so it seemed. I was enjoying it after a while, I didn't want to get out of bed cause I was so into the movies. However, in the middle of the night I woke up, opened my eyes and I was seeing all this crazy shit everywhere. Patterns, static, purple circles and stuff like that. I closed my eyes and wanted it to stop.

In the morning I woke up and my body was very weak and if I try lifting an object, my hand starts shaking. 

On the next night, I still seemed to have those fucked up short movies in my sleep. And the night after that, I slighty felt anything left from the MDMA. Until now a month has passed and I don't ever want to do E again. I know it doesn't sound all that bad seeing bleeding faces and all, but it does certainly did scare the shit out of me. I recall it being a bad trip. It taught me a lot though, that's the only reason I'm glad I had the experience to see some 3D crazy shit.