Ketamine Induced Nde

After anight out at a club, me and a friend got back to another friends flat, sat and did a line of ketamine and chilled to some aquarepusher. My friend and I wer listening to the music and the katamine made me totally forgot I had another wrap in my pocket. Ii decided to go the whole hog and take a load of this ketamine, so I undid the wrap, laid it out on the table in two fat lines. After snorting a large quantity of the stuff and believe me I physically couldnt snort any more of the stuff, I waited for the effects to kick in... Having only ever taken small quantities of ketamine before I had no idea what was in store... I stood up an tried to find a place to sit and my brain started to feel fluffy, I tought this was weird, but knew it was through the effects of the drug, so I sat down. I was in a state of indifference and it was like my inner psyche had taken over and sat me down on the sofa. After a few seconds I started to like drift into a dub state, like you can imagine this echo state, and started to go into this world like a trance, my mind just took over. I started to go into this tunnel like state, like a trance or somethinig and began to chant letters of a secret word. Every letter of the word was vibrating throughout my mind and as I tuned into their vibrations started to trip deeper and depper until and I dont remember the next bit but it could be that I saw some light, in the recesswes of my mind I remember seeing somrthing, but cant be sure, the experience was so intense, I only have a limited recollection of it. After a good long time, I floated down from the trip and it was if remember correctly a nice drifting feeling back to reality. As I emerged two of my friends were kissing in the chair opposite, it was a serene image of love as I returned to reality. This quite possibly was a near death experience and one day I might remember, but the centre of the experience may have been too intense to remember, hope anyone gets anything from this. Thanx