My First Mushies Experience

I was on a wavelength of uncertainty, I had just come from a funeral for my mum's best freinds dad. 94 years old , I drank to his health afterward at an intriguingly fun irish catholic wake. Whiskey and tobacco everywhere, when my freind, who we'll call 'Ramon' gives me a call and tells me that the shrooms we'd picked had been prepared into a tasty fruit juice. Half an hour later I was at his house and with no hesitation, as ramon had tested the juice, we skulled two large glasses of the  omnispective liquid of truth.

We went across the road to a vacant lot that sat quite happily amongst the other houses to wait for the acsent into the unknown. It was a beautiful day, I needed no drugs to appreciate that, the sun was shining and the birds singing and soft white clouds moved with a reassuring grace across the blue sky. But little did I know, it was about to get alot prettier. 45 minutes in, lying in the grass speculating on the metaphysics of a rubiks cube that ramon thought we might need, I noticed the grass was growing, and the fences moving, I stood up and noticed that I was certainly getting some kind of high, ramon assured me that he was too.

For the next 15 minutes we tossed a ball to each other while I was struggling with the physical symptoms I was having. I was starting to get scared. I was getting a nausea and I couldn't tell whether I was hot or cold. Although confused, ramon had had just as much as me and was fine, so I ruled out possible death and instantly felt better. I sat down and had a cigarette and stared at the vibrant colours around me. Shortly after this we decided to go inside, from this point on, my memories get hazy but I will tell you what I do remember. In ramon's room we stood and tried to comprehend what was going on, the comfortable warmth of the afternoon reminded me that everything was okay, but then again, I think it was the shrooms. Ramon was getting more and more eccentric by the minute, while I refused to let myself go wild on a drug hazed adventure. We started having seven different conversations simultaneously. How? I do not know.  We developed a close relationship with a lightbulb Ramon had taken out of a nearby lamp and nurtured it as if it were an abandoned child we had found. And suddenly everything was hilarious, I couldn't find something in ramon's room that wasn't worth laughing at. I would look at the carpet and notice all the strands of fibre swirling, I would look at the walls and notice them breathing, I would stare at an inanimate object and could not distinguish it's true size. Ramon was facinated with the carpet, he claimed he could see aztec patterns in it and then proceeded to interrogate me about it's inner most workings. 'WHAT IS CARPET MADE OF?' he demanded of me, 'I don't know man, I don't know!'  I replied and sank back ino my chair. After this we yelled 'RELAX!' at each other a few times and then we both settled down and had a laugh. We listened to A band called 'Animal collective' and tripped-the-fuck-out. Anyone who likes psychadellics should listen to them. Their shamanistic grace is second to none. Ramon complained about a hole in his wall and then donned a bicardi breezer hat/visor thing, not unlike what Hunter Thompson would have worn and chewed happily on a thin paintbrush while he tried to fill in this apparent hole in his wall with a pencil.

I went to the toilet which was possibly the most confusing part of the trip, the floral patterns and the small size of the room got to me, everything swam moved and shifted and I was completely at peace. Size distortion is a wonderful thing. As it got darker, (this is outside, mind you) I discovered the fun of staring at a light and seeing what interesting things came out of the blobs that you get when you look at a bright light.I Watched an electric helicopter float by, and a neon fly past, and a few indiscernable objects defy the laws of physics. Once back inside, I realised that ramon's claims that he needed a clothes line in his room was not empty speculation. A long pole extended vertically across his room and a pair of pants hung happily over the middle. Ramon stood idly chewing on his paint brush saying 'Yeah man...Yeah...Some weird shit's goin' down.'  Then we sat down and watched 'Diamonds are forever' and 'fantasia' and realised that james bond is a cunt, and that walt disney had also done mushrooms. The next hour we pretty much came down and exhaled deeply. Although I think ramon was still buzzing long after I sobered up. It was an interesting trip, I definetley tapped into a higher consciousness I'd never known before. We discussed some deep shit. I think that mushrooms are something that I could do once a year and be completely happy with my life.