Last night I decided to try some shrooms. I had smoked pot often and I wanted a new experience. At first I was hesitant and somewhat nervous but that would all change.

We smoked about a gram of weed and decided to bring out the mushrooms about an hour or two later (as the pot was wearing off). I had bought 3.5 grams and me and my friend (we'll call him D) were going to split it. I ate a little more than he did and actually enjoyed to taste.

The effects were felt in the first twenty minutes. At first it felt just like a pot high, nothing too intense, but things were different. We drove around for about an hour and then returned to my house where we played some playstation. Fifteen minutes later my night would change for the better.

I looked away from the screen at directed my attention to the led zeppelin poster on my wall. "D! LOOK AT THE POSTERS!" I yelled. The led zeppelin poster had become three d, and was changing colors! The man on the poster then started moving his arms up and down. I closed my eyes. Swirling colors were seen and were absolutely stunning. For about an a half hour we looked at the posters.

I decided to call up one of my other friends to have him watch over us. He arrived and was sober. As I walked upstairs to greet him at the door, all of the art in my house started changing colors, very cool and trippy.

My sober friend (We'll call him B) began to laugh as I greeted him at the door. "Dude your pupils are gigantic!" B yelled.
I looked in the mirror. My pupils concealed almost all of my iris! Gazing in the mirror I focused on one eye. The swirling blues and greens of my iris were hypnotic. Looking into my pupils I saw a statue of a panther and in the other eye was a river flowing. I then focused harder on my eye. Suddenly as I deeply looked in my eyes, my eyes became snake eyes and the room was a bright green.

We decided to meet a friend at the train station to buy some pot so the experience would be even better. I walked upstairs, I was tripping hard now. My mother waited for me at the top of the stairs. She told me she didn't want us driving. I told her we were walking to town but all my words came out backwards and jumbled. I left the house in a haze.

As we walked to town we continued to trip harder. The headlights of cars were streaky and long. At the end of the long streaks of light, were rainbows. It was absolutely beautiful. We walked into the train station to wait for the pot. The clocks hands were wall moving very quickly and all of the lighting in the station were rainbows. We walked outside and sat down on a bench. The lights of a train were visible.

"God those lights are brights," said B.

I argued and stared directly at the train lights. They weren't bright at all and my pupils were the size of golf balls. The train roared by us, and we began laughing with joy. All of the train signs were bending back and forward and the trees were perfectly still as if someone had stopped time. The peak of the experience was walking back to my house. I looked at the branches on the trees. The leaves and branches were orange and they seemed to reach out at us. Millions of monsters faces reached out at us trying to grab us. It was amazing. I had no fear though (this was due to the fact that I thought was the king of serpents and the master of evil). All of the trees were my evil allies and I was their king.

We returned to my house and spent some more time looking in the mirror and enjoying our trip. We tripped for about 5 hours total. I really enjoyed the trip and will defiantly do mushrooms again. I was scared before, but now I understand the drug can be controlled and is a lot of fun, if you're ready to experience the unknown.