It was my 2 best friends and me. We planned on this night for a while.
It wasnt so much as a plan as much as it was just to eat some mushrooms and trip our balls off all night.
My friends and I ate about 6 grams each we had 16 grams at the begining of the night and woke up to none.

We ate them around 9 at night and within 20 minutes I was tripping pretty hard. I would look around the room, my friends faces look like plastic, we all looked like dolls. The walls we shifting around, the paint was dripping. The walls were bubbling out and the rug looked like was crawling up my legs. I was in complete aw that this was possible. My whole body looked like it was changing shapes, and colors

We decided to go out side, it seemed like a total different world. The trees looked as if they were aging years in seconds.
They would get taller and taller. My cell phone goes off I really dont know hwo it was but they had an extremely wierd voice. Or at least at the time it was trippin me out.

All night I couldnt stop laughing so hard.EVERYTING was just insane and comical. Were just chillin in his room all confused.
When we hear 
Knock knock knock
The door opens and I'm sitting on the ground staring at wierd looking bug. And were all cracking up being really loud.
My friends dad comes in and hes changing shape and looks just as trippy and fucked up as we do. He look liked clay. So fake looking.The convorsation goes well with his dad. 

Its now about 1:00 in hte morning. I'm starting to trip extremely hard. Being so overwhelmed with things to look at. Things to think of.

All I wanted was some tree. We finally picked up bomb tree and smoked all night long while triping balls.

I didnt get high at all. Just more fucked up in generall.

My whole vision looked like graph paper. Clear transparent lines making a perfect grid. Anywhere I went, my whole world was in a vortex. My trip slowly wore off and after felt just really dumb. My brain and me had quite a night.

I just slipped off into a dream.