So before this experience, which happened in February of 2007, I wasn't experienced with anything but marijuana, codeine, adderal, salvia, and alcohol. My high school buddy who got me interested in the altered states of consciousness told me he a knew a guy who could get us shrooms. I had no idea what the true effect of shrooms were, so I asked him. He said euphoria and hallucinating. I thought this was cool, so I pitched in for half of an 8th. Keep in mind I had no idea what exactly tripping was at this point.

So the night came. We were at my friends house, where 4 of us planned to trip. I liked all of these people fairly well. Once my friends parents went out for dinner, 3 of us snarfed down the disgusting mushies.  About 20 minutes later the 4th guy came, who had tripped before. After eating them, we all decided to play mario kart 64.  The come up was noticeable at about 25-30 minutes after ingesting.  I started to feel almost numb, and when I would put my arm on the side of the couch and rest my head against it, It felt like my hand was melting into my head. There were 2 sort of trip sitters there, which were also two of my best friends, except they were getting fairly drunk. 

40 minutes after ingestion:  All four of us start laughing hysterically...started from one of us throwing coasters at each other. I mean this was intense laughter, and one of my friends thought he was going to die because he couldn't stop laughing. One of the sitters looked at him and said 'John, you're a strawberry!' because his face was flushed bright red.  

60 minutes:  I start to see flashing lights in my peripheral vision, and the scenery keeps changing around me...like it would morph from a circus to a decorated basement that a goth would live in.  This was the scariest because I thought everything was dead around me, and candles appeared to change into a deathly purple color.  It was almost like i was entering hell. To top it off, one of the sitters (a girl that I slightly had a crush on) was already plastered out of her mind and approached me, but she looked very pale and dressed in this purple gothic dress (she wasn't actually wearing this, it was just part of my hallucination).  I looked at her and said 'You're dead.'  She was quite confused but kept getting closer to me, and tried to kiss me. I was freaking out at this point and pushed her away. This is where things went downhill.

80 minutes:  I start to panic horribly. I keep asking myself what the hell i got myself into, and think that I'm going to be in this mental state forever. I had no idea things would get this intense.  I finally stand up and look at 'Bill', the experience tripper, and tell him I need to die. I thought that I had to kill myself I was panicking so bad. Right when I thought things couldn't get any worse, we hear the garage door open, and know 'Jim's' parents just got home. His mom immediately comes downstairs and we all silence ourselves. Apparently she is drunk of her ass, which is pretty common for her. I am watching TV scared shitless and she taps me on the shoulder.  Apparently I jumped and turned around with a horrified look on my face. She askes me what's wrong with me, and 'jim' saves me by saying that she just woke me up (thank god). Our plastered sitters forgot to hide the 40's, and were kind of stumbling around, but 'jim's' mom was too drunk to notice. Her being drunk saved us.

100 minutes:  After this whole episode, I still am in a panic state, so 'jim' leads me to his bedroom to lay down.  Walking was absolutely ridiculous.  It was like I was drunk as hell, and my vision was off centered. I could barely open the door.  Also, I had to pee for so long but thought I physically couldn't do it at the state I was in. Once I laid down in the dark room, I tried to sleep...impossible of course.  The auditory hallucinations were absolutely insane during my alone time, which was probably the craziest part of my trip. I thought I heard 'jim's' mom yelling from upstairs to jim. She knew what we were on because of me, and she said she was calling all our parents to tell them what we had done. There was intense screaming as well. I also had auditory hallucinations of my friend hooking up with the girl I had a crush on who was piss drunk, and I thought my other friend who had been drinking was moaning in the bathroom and about to die from alchohol poising. I thought everything was a disaster, and we were all fucked.  The thing that kept me sane was the fact that I could hear my friends talking casually in the other room, so I thought maybe we weren't in trouble after all. These auditory hallucinations kept looping in my head over and over again, and I kept hearing the same trippy radiohead songs from Kid A playing over and over, which I found out later that whole album was playing on repeat all night.  Another crazy part of my alone time was when I looked at the clock for what seemed several minutes, it would not change. The time dilation on shrooms is insane.

3 hours:  My friend comes in to get me and says everything is fine and that his mom had no idea, and our drunken sitters made it home alright.  I go out to watch tv with my trippin friends, and when jim looks at me directly, his face begins to melt, and his eyes seem to grow and shrink. I start to feel better around the presence of my friends, and start to enjoy the effects of this insane drug. American Wedding is on, and the same melting effect occurs with the characters, especially Stifler for some reason. Also, the sound from the TV creates a tunnel hearing effect which is ridiculous. I feel like I'm in an echoey tunnel. At this point i'm sinking into the sofa, and having out of body experiences. I keep zoning out in the middle of a conversation, and I'm numb all over. I have no feeling.  

5-8 hours:  The rest of the trip is just us sitting there talking about our trip, and being philosophical and all, as we slowly come back to baseline about 8 hours later. One more thing I forgot  to mention is looking at myself in the mirror was a crazy aspect of the trip. I got lost in it.  But that's it for the most part.  The first half of my trip was too much, but once I overcame that it was incredible. I hope to try the same dosage at a later time, maybe when I'm emotionally stable as I've been having quite a lot anxiety lately with life issues. Definetaly a life changing experience.