Taken on an empty stomach in a group setting of five people, four men and one woman.  Only three of us ate mushrooms and subsequently began to burp.  The one guy and his girlfriend did not eat any. so the guy started annoying us to get some weed.  Which was enough that we walked to the park to smoke. Dark outside as we get to the park, and we are all burping.

I am feeling internal struggle wanting to keep the peace while wanting to abandon the group.  The two other trippers are also feeling this disturbance and I am beginning to trip.

Visual reality is pluralized, one layer moving and one stationary, overlapping so that I can also see bright lights shining through the visual field.

I threaten to push somebody into the pond.  It made sense at the time because  he threw an empty water bottle at me.

Two people are smoking pot but other dude with lighter is off in the bushes.

I decide very quickly and without warning to get on my bike and abandon the trippers without saying goodbye.  I ride off very quickly until I am at an arbitrary spot with no notion of how far I've come other than that it is probably more than a mile.  I try to read a street sign, it isn't telling me anything. I lock my bike to a pole so I can walk around.

Totally lost, I finally realize that I can walk uphill and will without a doubt I will arrive at the top of a certain mountain.

I do this until I end up on a winding road.  Cars going by agitate me.

I walk up this road until I am in complete darkness.
-'If you want to survive this pay close attention'-
I run and run and run until I am exhausted enough to fall down.
I fall asleep.
I see a light up ahead.  It is a car.  It is a cop car.  I jump up and the cop car disappears.  I see a streetlight in front of me and a bench. I sit down and after a while a dog, all white, runs up to me.

The dog has no collar and starts growling at me.  I growl back at the dog and it looks very sad and whimpers.  The dog ran away.

I want to go bathe in the pond but it will be cold.  I walk a little ways up the path off the road and I see an owl directly in front of me, so motionless I didn't see it at first.

Staring across from where I am to distant hills beyond the city I feel confused as to where I am sitting, on those hills or in the woods on this mountain?  

Standing, I stretch and feel my bones lengthening, skin healing and scars falling away.

Streets off in the distance look like space ships with rows of lights.  The sun comes up and I go look for my bike.