The day began with me waking up around 6 am for work. It was a typical summer day, lots of sun and fairly warm. About a week prior I had found a new mushroom connection and was excited to exploit it. So when I got home from work I met up with my connection purchased an eighth. All the times prior to this I had always done half an eighth, and since the trips were always fun I decided I'd just try and take an eighth. I remember after I bought them the guy said, 'These are enough to get 2 people high.' Needless to say the mushrooms looked fantastic, lots of blue and purple.

I planned on tripping at my friend's house. His house was the place to hang out, drink, smoke, or do whatever floats your boat, it was the perfect tripping environment. I got back around 6 and immediately ate all the mushrooms, no food or water to wash them down (I was pretty excited). Since I had never done an eighth it seemed like I was eating tons of stems and caps, but that's just because they are hard to eat.

My intentions were just to see what it was like to trip during the day since I was used to tripping at night. My other friends decided to get some acid, so I figured riding in a car would be an excellent place to peak. But I had no idea what I was in for.

Their acid connection was about a 25 minute drive. I remember when we were about 5 minutes away from meeting up with the guy I saw a shift in colors, as if everything just got a little brighter. When we got there one of my friends went in and got everyone's stuff (I got an oz of mushrooms because I was going to visit some people out of town that weekend and decided I'd like to make some money). By now it was just me and my other friend in the car and we waited there for about 15-20 minutes, and the mushrooms were definitely starting to kick in. I was seeing patterns, but they were patterns one would see on a low dose of mushrooms, nothing crazy. I felt my heart starting to beat faster and knew it wouldn't be much longer before I peaked. After we left things kept getting more intense. It was close to an hour after I had eaten the mushrooms and we were well on our way back home.

I'm a huge Tool fan, so my friends decided to play Lateralus at this point. Well it just so happened to be the song I peaked to as well (talk about amazing timing). I was riding in the back seat and I was just feeling the music and riding the spiral, it was amazing. The closed eye visuals were incredibly clear. Near the end of the song when Maynard sings about going "where no one's been," I started to see what looked like Homer Simpson (my eyes were still closed at this point). Suddenly before I knew it I saw Homer just looking at me through a pair of binoculars, like he was spying on me. Then I started moving my arms and saw Homer doing the mirror image of what I was doing, as if I had become Homer. Next I saw myself flying around the Simpson's house where all the characters were lined up and watching me.

I can't recall what exactly happened next, maybe the song changed, maybe my friends were talking to me and distracting me, but Homer suddenly got angry with me and tried to attack me. I guess I overstayed my welcome in Springfield. I just suddenly opened up my eyes, which was crazy because it was the first my eyes had been opened since I peaked. We were still driving down the same road, a different Tool song came on, but I couldn't recognize it, I was just tripping too hard. I would watch cars drive by that looked like limos from the tracers. Normally stuff appears to be melting when I trip, but this time everything would expand horizontally and contract vertically (and vice versa) kind of like what jell-o would look like in slow motion. It wasn't annoying as some may think, it was actually just breath-taking. Road lines, tar, and tire tracks on the road separated themselves from the asphalt as the road expanded and contracted. Next I do remember my friends playing Pushit (yes more Tool). So I went back to enjoying some closed eye visuals.

Out of no where I started hearing menacing clowns laughing in an evil manor, while at the same time evil clown faces flew past me as if we were driving by them (my eyes were still closed). A little shocked, but not scared, I opened my eyes since I decided that would probably be the best idea. Well, I still heard the clowns laughing, but this time the trees we passed were clown heads that stared and laughed at me as we passed them. 

I wish I could give a time reference but I just couldn't judge how fast/slow time was going. I do remember before the car ride was over (there was traffic since it was rush hour) we stopped by Wendy's where I ordered food that I never ate since it seemed too difficult a task. When we got back to my friends house I noticed it was very difficult to walk in a straight line and keep my balance, but I never fell. We went out back where we listened to music and I just stared at his patio (which had an interesting brick design) and was in awe of how beautiful the grass and the trees looked (the grass also made some really neat patterns). The patio was amazing to stare at since the bricks were different shades of red. The simple act of swaying my head made amazing tracers with my feet and ground, the tracers were filled with colors which was really cool. So I just sat and stared at the ground for quite awhile (not sure how long) swaying my head while I watched little eyes move around in between each brick in his patio.

A bit later we got back in his car (I forget why) and the trip still felt as intense on the road as it had earlier, but this time I just kept my eyes open and enjoyed the scenery. 

After I started to come down I noticed my friends all had what looked like a shiny glow that surrounded them while their faces looked greenish and skin appeared almost clear. The trip was still pretty intense but around this time I was finally able to start catching my breath. I was still seeing Homer's face in a lot of the trees and in the clouds, and remember getting the feeling that real life was a dream, that I really didn't have to work the next day. When it was after 11 we went out and smoked some weed while I described my "Homer" trip. Around this time my friends started tripping from the acid and I had to get going because I had to wake up for work.

I know I wrote a lot, but I feel this is one of the coolest trips I've had and I just wanted to share it with everyone. Thanks for taking the time to read this for those who do.