Yesterday night was my fourth, and so far favorite shroom trip. It is late October and me and 2 friends of mine went to an amusement park that is open late for Halloween time. Most of the normal roller coasters are open, as well as many haunted houses and sections of walkways turned into a haunted walkway. 

Me and my friends were planning to go to the park. The day before going I was able to get some mushrooms. Me and my best friend decided it would be a good time for her first trip. Over half of our friends said it would be a bad idea to trip there and thought it would turn out bad. We thought we could handle it and ignored them. We were confident that we would be alright, especially since we had no fear of rides. 

The whole 3 hour car ride, we couldn't wait to eat them, and were getting anxious to trip. The park opened at 6 and at about 7 we broke up each of our 2.5grams and wrapped them in fruit roll-ups like a burrito. I usually take an eighth, but knew from my last trip from the same batch that I wouldn't need allot. 

(7:30) We get in line for a haunted house. By the time we got to the entrance, it was 7:45 and I just started to feel a body high. As we go through the haunted house it gets stronger and stronger. Although I was coming up, the attraction wasn't really scaring me. I knew this would be a good trip, but I had no idea how the night would turn out.

After we got out of the attraction is about when I lost track of time for the rest of the night. We got in line for the Millennium Force, which is one of the biggest, and my favorite roller coasters. The visual effects started as soon as we got in line. We spent the whole time looking at all the different types of people in line and talking about them. There was a boy that looked almost like a bat. Hundreds of people seemed to have exaggerated features. Most of our friends told us the crowds would make us paranoid and ruin the trip. We both actually enjoyed being in the crowd. Keeping a positive mindset makes all the difference in a trip. 

As we got to the station to get on I was tripping pretty hard. The entire ride was amazing. I have ridden it many times in the past but it was never this good. The ride seemed to set off my trip because as soon as we got off I was peaking. At the end of the ride we looked at our pictures on monitors. When I saw mine our heads were moving and the entire wall of monitors were shifting. 

After this the weirdness of the trip started. The haunted walkways opened up and the first one we went to was called the Carn Evil. It was a carnival themed area that was full of weird things. The first thing I thought of when I saw the entrance was The Circus Circus in Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas. It was by far the trippiest place I've ever been in my life, And it happened to be when I was tripping. The first thing I saw when I walked in was a midget dressed as a clown riding a tricycle. There were also clowns with knives, and even someone walking like the girl from the exorcist. It seems like this would have scared us, but we were having the time of our life. We were laughing the whole time, and even turned around at the other end and walked back through. We kept saying to each other how awesome it was to trip there and agreed that it was the only way to go to an amusement park. 

Another attraction we went to had fat people dressed as pigs. I could not believe how crazy the entire park was while tripping. 

The whole night we only rode a few roller coasters. We spent most of the night just walking around talking about our lives and our friends. It seemed like the two of us had a connection and could just talk about anything, but we could barely talk to our other friend who wasn't tripping. It seemed like she was the unusual one and like she wasn't making any sense. 

We also spent allot of of our time just watching the in the park. Everyone was so different and so interesting. We talked and evaluated most of the people and guessed what they were like and compared them to people we know. 

The park was also great for visuals. The entire park was covered in flashing lights, and all different colors. The music playing also made everything more interesting. 

The whole night seemed to last forever, but at 12 when it was time to leave, it seemed like had flown by so fast. 

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

When we got in the car we were still tripping. For the first hour of the ride we were tripping, and then came down. 

At the end I couldn't believe how good it turned out. My friend loved it and didn't even come close to freaking out once. This trip showed that psychedelics affect everyone differently, and everyone's comfortable with different things.