A first experience with DMT

This is the story of the first time I ever tried DMT (Dimethyltryptamine). I was 15 and about 5'7' at the time. Our group of 5 (although only 2 were to try the DMT) found a somewhat secluded bench on the college  campus and chose this as a nice spot to commence our trip. I loaded about 25 milligrams of powdered dmt on top of a small bowl of weed and after blessings had been bestowed upon my trip I inhaled.

The onset of the drug was immediate. Within 10 seconds it became rather hard to hold the pipe so I handed it off to a more competent friend. I got off of the bench to go and investigate a small waterfall nearby. The bubbles at the bottom of the fall began to expand and form very intense patterns which seemed to swirl into themselves endlessly. After about a minute of this I decided that I would like to try some more so I loaded about another 15 milligrams into the pipe and again inhaled.

I then sat, incapacitated, on the bench for a few minutes staring at the underbrush which expanded and flowed forming vivid patterns. This flowed into an intricate landscape which seemed to slip away as fast as my eyes could focus on it. All of this took only about 5 to 10 minutes after which my party decided it would be prudent to relocate. Standing up gave me a head rush the like of which I have never experienced. Walking, however, was rather easy, I found. At this point a sense of calm came over me and the use of words or language became entirely unnecessary. Every living thing had a distinct and tangible aura and trees seemed to dance and wave in my field of vision. It became apparent that the world was, at least for the time, a serene and perfect place. This was about 20 minutes into the trip and the beginning of the come down.

I departed from the rest of my group to go lie in the grass and stare in wonder at the world around me. Clouds seemed to glow with a bright light and I noticed my mind was adept at finding pictures in them. Vision and mind returned to fairly normal over the next ten minutes but the sense of general calm and well being remained for the rest of the day. As many others have noted it seemed at the time as if there was a great secret hidden behind the DMT trip that could be tapped into but never fully discovered by one individual. A very intellectual mindset overcame me prior to my trip and all I wanted to do was discuss this new and wondrous experience in depth with those around me.

I have since noted that a DMT trip is a wondrous time to put off all troubles and simply be amazed by the intricate beauty of the natural world. I felt no fear throughout the entire experience.  Blessings and may you trip in peace.