I had a pretty traumatic experience with acid about 3 weeks prior to writing this. I had tried LSD once before that but it must have been weak or bunk because I didnt feel much. Anyways, the setting was my friends house, just me and him. I took 1 tab at first, and then another an hour later.

The effects of the first tab were just setting in: I was feeling detached from reality and giggly. At about an hour and a half after taking the first tab, I started getting this feeling of intense anxiety. The feeling got worse so I went to sit under his deck and calm down. I thought looking at the trees and nature would help me out. The anxiety became more and more intense as I sat in the chair and I felt completely helpless. I became paralyzed by a feeling of fear. It wasn't about anything in specific but I felt very afraid and anxious. I had some very intense visual distortions as I looked at the trees. At about 3 or 4 hours after taking the first tab, I started getting hallucinations. I saw a monkey dancing in a tree and a cartoonish type of coyote smoking a cigarette next to me. They were only in my periphery though and would disappear when I tried looking at them. I was paralyzed in this one chair by the feelings for about 5 hours. I couldn't bring my self to get up. I wasn't scared by the hallucinations though. If anything, they distracted me from the overwhelming emotions. When the trip died down at about 5 1/2 hours, I was left with the anxiety. I didn't think much of it at the time, I thought it would wear off.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

I then went inside to take some bong hits and then drove home. When I got home, I couldnt sleep at all that night. I was so anxious and begining to feel extremely depressed and thought I was loosing my mind. For the next few days I experienced intense anxiety constantly. Prior to this experience, I had never experienced anything close to this level of anxiety. I experienced a vivid flashback several weeks later where I felt like I was tripping again. The intense part lasted only a few minutes but I had a detached kind of feeling for aboout an hour.