Lets first start with some of my background. I have experimented a lot in the past few months, and I can firmly say that I like the effects of psychedelic drugs over alcohol and marijuana. I have been using lsd for awhile, mainly to draw or write poetry. I have always seen acid as more of a tool than anything, it can be very effectively used. Just recently I received a offer, that I later took up, to buy a gram of dmt for 125 dollars. 

I have been very interested in this drug ever since I read Rick Strassman's book on the subject. I ended up buying it, and smoking it out of a pipe this Leonardo da Vinci look alike had. I actually had one experience previous to this one, and it made a 3 hit lsd trip seem weaker than those herbal joints I can order off the internet. 

This first one however, did not even compare to what I was about to experience. I was 1st in line to smoke this interesting substance, and I tried to take three hits, but only succeeded in two good ones before the smoke came out of my mouth, and I visually was in another place. When the smoke came out of my mouth, it had a purple tinge, and there were very faint patterns in it. I thought it was kind of neat, because I have very rarly been able to experience this. The trip was feeling much like my first one, and I thought I was coming down already, but like the first one, I was coming up at a extremely fast rate. The room changed before my eyes and my surroundings basically folded into each other. 

The last statement does not do this justice. This experience was way more intense than anything I have done from what I can remember. First the patterning was pretty much blinding, because we were in a pretty dark room with some candles and incense burning. As anyone who has had a psychedelic experience, dark surroundings intensify the experience. There was no difference between when my eyes were open and my eyes were shut. There was a Native American that kept me company the whole duration of the experience, he never said a word, he just sat there a smoked his long pipe. The longer I looked at him, the more abstract he appeared, and this made me speechless. This was when some of my more normal visuals started happening with the new ones. I always see shapes that I can't define as little or big, and fractals that repeat themselves until they spiral into something in the environment. I also could see my own body very clearly, and my arteries had energy pulsating through them, it was a extremely dissociative experience, because I could feel the energy and see it through my whole body. For the duration of the rest of the experience this happened. Walking is defiantly not a option with this substance. If I'm in a sitting position, it is very hard to get up. I came down rather suddenly, within a couple seconds, but it was a very gentle one. It was not until today that I learned much more about the world. I started getting philosophical thoughts I can only get with lsd, but this changed everything, I can write very fluently about my ideas.