My Friends and I had been very excited about all buying about 30 grams of ' magic mushrooms '. We all chipped in the necessary amount of money and divided the mushrooms equally.

Later the same night after buying the mushrooms, 4 other friends of mine and I met up at my friends house around 11 pm. When we were there we all loaded about 3 grams of each of our mushrooms into our own seperate peanut butter sandwhiches. We all took the sandwiches down in 5 minutes or less and went down to my friends room in the basement.

20 minutes had passed, and all of my friends were starting to get giggly and glossy eyed, except me. I was beginning to get frustrated that I had felt no affects of the mushrooms. So being inpatient, I told me friends I was just going to peace out.  I put on my shoes and walked out from the basement to the door upstairs, where I walked into a dark empty house. All I could focus on was a big windy oak tree across the street, and all the sudden I knew what was in store. I ran back downstairs to 4 of my friends tripping and falling over with laughter. Everything started to feel so good, and I knew I was in for my first trip. 

10 minutes had passed and I felt the trip coming on, then a friend quickly shut off the lights, and all that stood in the corner was a glowing cup filled with green glowing water. Seeing as the 5 of us were tripping hard we thought it had some kinds of power and we all drank from the glowing cup. We were all drinkning from it and swirling around on the bed and couches in the dark laughing and feeling so powerful and energetic.

After about 15 minutes of swirling around and giggling, and gaining our ' power ' from this glowing goblet, we worked up the courage to go on our first ' trip walk' outside. We all worked our way upstairs and openened the door to the outside. The moment I stepped outside I was in aw, there was a tree standing 50 feet tall swaying and sketching over itself with the orange night sky in the background. It was swaying and moving like it had its own personality, and it was trying to communicate. 

So we continued the journey through my friends neighborhood, where we encountered common garden plants, and flowers that had never seemed so beautiful. It was like we woke up from an ugly dream into a beautiful world, filled with colorful and beautiful plants and flowers. Everything felt so good and right, and the wind blew all the trees so they would blend together, move and sway so beautiful. 

We finnaly ended the walk, and ended up back at my friends basement. At this time I parted ways from my friends, still tripping very hard. So, I grabbed my skateboard and skated home. When I got hope it started out amazing, I watched tv and experienced extreme visual and hearing hallucinations, but the good time quickly turned bad. I started thinking about everything way to intensely (which will happen on mushrooms) having deep philisophical conversations with myself in my head. These convos quickley turned depressing. Eventually I fell asleep around 4 in the morning, and woke up fine, and felt like a changed man.