I was recently able to come upon some real MDMA in Tulsa, Oklahoma (a hard thing to find) after becoming interested due to various friends' accounts of its amazing properties, and several meth-bombs I had taken along the way in my search.

The fake X only heightened the importance of my quest to find this drug. My girlfriend has used MDMA before and wanted me to experience it with her, so she jumped at the opportunity to buy (from a friend) what she had been told were some White Euros. They were 25$ each, but she didn't get them until a couple days later, when she realized that they were actually G-spots, with the lady on the back. We researched the roll, and only read good things about it. It was the first (and real) press of this kind, and it came all the way from Europe apparently.

The day of consumption.
My girlfriend and I each had one roll, and we took pretty pictures of it on our tongues and such, until we crushed them on a glass table and wrapped them into parachutes (using toilet paper). I left a line of the crushed powder out so I would be able to take it intranasally later. My girlfriend decided to follow suit, and we took the parachutes.

:00 The rolls were taken.
:15 We snorted our lines. Anticipation building.
:25 - :30 First effects starting to be felt by both my girlfriend and I. Feeling slightly high.
:45 - 1:00 The rolls start to kick in. It was nothing like I had ever felt before. It started to feel as if serotonin was filling, and flooding at the back of my head. The euphoria is becoming more intense, and my body tingles as I begin to touch things with my hands. Everything is amazing, and words can't describe what I am feeling.

My history with drugs is slightly dense, and confuses me sometimes, but this is something I should talk about in relation to the effects of *real* MDMA. I started smoking pot and trying out pharmecutical stimulants before my first year of high school. I became interested in trying many new things, but never had the access to any of them. Eventually, throughout my high school career, I ended up trying speed, oxycodone and hydrocodone, methadone, salvia, DXM, Mushrooms, meperidine and hydromorphone, valium, morphine, cocaine, alprazolam, various muscle relaxants, peyote, and finally MDMA, almost in that order. My realest and truest experiences with psychoactives started once I ended high school, now able to control where I was and how much I wanted to do (aided by the money from my then-new job). Nothing rivals the feeling I got from real MDMA, and is something I can't even explain well to this day. The effects come up, and then they taper off, making one think that the drug's effects are done. Then they come right back up again, and this action is repeated several times, while the effects increase each time it comes up until I finally peak (which happens around 1 - 3 hours after taking it). This is what 'rolling' is. I had heard my friends talking about rolling, and the term meant nothing to me. It really is 'rolling' and I understand that now. 

1:15-1:45 My girlfriend and I notice our dilated pupils. We are rolling very nicely, and are coming up on our peak. Colors are vibrant. The euphoria is still there, and the lights get turned off as we cover the apartment in glow paint. We stare at the universe in our apartment, as we ride the amazing effects of this drug.
2:00 We peaked around now, and slight hallucinogenic changes are noted by both my girlfriend and I. I wanted to call my friends and tell them I was rolling, but somehow forgot.
2:15-2:45 I am still euphoric, but I have gotten somewhat used to the noticable positive physical changes caused by the drug. The universe, or the glow paint, is starting to fade (as is our roll).
3:00-4:00 The effects have tapered down significantly, but remain present for the entire time.
4:00-4:45 The effects wear off even further, and I am beginning to wind down. MDMA is a stimulant, and I shouldn't forget that. I took this sometime around 7 or 8, and I am now slightly tired and so is my mind. 
5:00-on The effects are still there for the rest of the night, in some small way. The rest of the nigh was spent trying to get some rest, as I had to wake up at 10 the next morning to go to work.

MDMA is an amazing thing, and I hope I have it again sometime. I am now considering (given my very positive experience) getting a tattoo of the .G on one side of my body, and the lady on the other (that is what the roll looks like). It is of the opinion of both my girlfriend and I that the best rolls to look for have in-presses, are not bright or obnoxiously colored, and are crumbly or easily breakable. 

Empathy is a big part of the feeling I get from MDMA. My relationship with my girlfriend post-roll is a little different now. Rolling with her was an amazing thing, and I have a whole new insight into the kind of person she is. I have realized how people need to be treated with kindness and above all, understanding, if there is to be harmony.  

The world has changed Ecstasy so much, but now it is time for Ecstasy to change the world.