I had been interested in shrooms since I started experimenting with pot, DXM, and other common psychoactives. I've heard several good things about the shroom and finally came across some by accident.

My hookup is experienced with psychedelics and shrooms and advised me that they were of superb potency. Telling me that eating a whole eighth should guarantee a mind blowing experience.

I have a young child and freetime definetly isn't something I take for granted anymore, so seeing that her and my significant other were going to be out of town for a few hours I seized the opportunity to give these shrooms a try. This is probably where I went wrong, it wasn't a bad trip per se, but definitely would have been better if I hadn't rushed into it.

I eyed out what appeared to be half of the 1/8, and chomped them down til it was mush and then held it under my tongue.

A half hour after ingestion I was feeling *different* like something was gonna happen. So I took a walk out to my back yard. Colors and textures were seeming a little exaggerated, and super defined. The grass was really green, and the terrain just seemed to have a cinematic quality to it. Hard to explain. I thought I'd walk back inside and have a toke. Back inside the walls were starting to move, other than that there weren't many visuals yet.

After I smoked about three hits of some good pot, things definitely got going. But not in the way I had imagined. Things got really intense from this point. I had so many thoughts flying through my head so fast that it was impossible to sort them out. I felt like some deranged killer spiraling into the depths of insanity. Like every negative thing I've done was beginning to catch up to me. I could not get comfortable, the couch, the tv, the computer, a bowl of cereal provided no solace. I decided to take a shower, hoping it would ward off some of the insanity.

The shower felt good, this was about an hour and a half into the trip. However it didn't help the paranoia I was experiencing. I felt like a fugitive on the run, with the law closing in quick. So after I got out I convinced myself everything was going to be fine. Damn, the power of positivity can be a god send with shrooms.

This is where things got good, about 2 hours in. I decided to put some comfy clothes on, and just chill on the couch with the classic rock station playing on the TV. The thing I learned about shrooming is that negative thoughts are amplified ten fold, while positive thoughts can be amplified ten fold as well. 

The visuals became full blown, its hard to explain but things took on really outlandish colors and sometimes objects appeared to be two dimensional popups. I can make them stop if I want but its not hard to bring them back either.

Music sounded beautiful. I laid down, concentrating on the music and positive thoughts. I sunk into the depths of the music, and the music started creating beautiful landscapes in my head, I saw three dimensional paintings, masterpieces being painted brush stroke by brush stroke.

I had a massive, tranquil body buzz that I never wanted to end. I thought to myself heroin couldn't even bring on a euphoria like this. Then I started thinking about all the opiates I've done and came to the conclusion that shrooms were just as good if not better. 

Shortly after I started coming down, and became more reality oriented, I started thinking how it would be good to go back to school and learn a new trade and start a new career. I analyzed my current spot in life and felt enlightened knowing that I could do better.