T+0:00: One of my friends brings over a 1/2 oz. Of mushrooms. Neither of us had ever done them or any other psychedelic. It was just me, him, and my sister. We went ahead and split it and were very excited to see what it was like.

T+0:15: We weren't feeling anything yet (we had no idea how long it took to kick in) so we decided to go to the guy who sold it to us and get a little more. He only lived about 5 minutes away so we thought it would be ok.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

T+0:25: We get to the dealer's house and my friend Evan buys each of us an eighth, my sister was still home waiting for us to get back.

T+0:35: We get home and still aren't feeling anything. My sister was very relieved we made it back ok.

T+0:45: We decide we want some more so we get back in my car and go back to the dealer's place.

T+0:50: We are on the way there listening to some Radiohead in my car and start to notice that the sky was starting to look purplelish instead of black (it was about 10:30 pm) and the stop lights seemed a little more colorful than usual.

T+0:55: We both eat another eighth and after we do. I thought Evan was going to buy it and I was going to pay him when we got back. Not the case, he didn't have any money and he thought I was going to pay. I left Evan there as collateral and sped back home.

T+1:00: I get back home and my sister was really relieved that I made it. I told her what happened and she was the opposite of relieved. She decided to come with but I still had to drive because she didn't know how to use a stick-shift. I offered to get her an eighth and she agreed, she had never done it either. At this point I was starting to feel a little weird. It felt like my brain was starting to float up.

T+1:05: We get to the dealers house and I paid him and bought my sister an eighth. She didn't want to eat the dried mushrooms because they were gross so the dealer made her some tea which meant we had to wait for it to cool so that she could drink it.

T+1:10: The dealer starts smoking me out. My sister said she didn't feel like smoking and my friend couldn't because his parents were drug testing him because he got caught with weed at school.

T+1:15: We were finished smoking. I was watching the dealer's roommate play the rainbow road level on Mario kart 64 and I could get my eyes off of the screen. My sister's tea cooled down so that she was able to drink it. We thanked the dealer and left. As we were walking to my car, everything started to get REALLY weird. I got in my car, backed out of the parking space, and I drove about 10 feet. At that point I decided driving a manual car was impossible and immediately got out. Evan knew how to use a stick-shift and wasn't feeling the mushrooms as much as I was since he didn't smoke so he drove back.

T+1:17: I had to lie down in the back seat and a felt like a blanket laid over me preventing me from contacting anything outside of it. A five minute car ride felt like it took about 45 minutes.

T+1:20: We finally made it home, the mushrooms were taking over Evan and we barely made it to my house.

T+1:25: I got inside the house and went straight to the couch. The next hour was a complete blur. Evan and my sister had to describe to me what I was doing the following day. All I remember was seeing the spackles on the ceiling turning into to eyeballs. I remember thinking I was at the bottom of a Martian canyon with a large green head talking to me in a language I didn't understand. I also remember watching the clock actually speed up to where a minute seemed like it went by in about 10 seconds (I have taken mushrooms about 20 times now and that was the only time that ever happened). 

According to my friend and my sister, I was apparently completely incoherent for almost an hour. Evan told me that I had my hand over my face while staring at the clock for about twenty minutes. I was also saying things like, "It's like they can hear me" and "I can't get to anyone, I'm invisible, I'm not hear." And they also told me that I went into convulsions for about 5 minutes where I was shaking madly and foaming at the mouth. They were trying to decide whether or not to call an ambulance but thankfully they didn't because they knew there wouldn't be anything they could do except put me in a safe room where I couldn't hurt myself, not a good environment for psychedelics.

T+2:30: I finally return back to my body and get up from the couch. I decide to walk outside because I needed a little fresh air. I am looking at the evergreen tree next to me while it starts to change. The branches begin to turn into black tentacles with red eyeballs at the end of them. All of the branches point straight towards me and all of the eyes were intensely staring at me. I started to become uncomfortable (I'm sure you can imagine why). The oak tree next to it began to glow a bright heavenly aura and pushed the other tree away from me. It covered itself in armor and began battling the tentacle tree. It was a totally epic battle of good vs. Evil. I decided it wasn't safe out there and ran as fast as I could back inside.

T+2:45: My sister, Evan and I all go into my bathroom and close the door. There were lots of mirrors in there which made it really weird. We have a heat lamp that is dark red and we turned it on making the entire bathroom that color. I was gazing into the mirror watch my face change. I felt too crazy in there and left.

T+2:50: I went to the kitchen and fixed myself a bowl of fruit loops. When I opened the refrigerator to get some milk, there was a rainbow of colors coming out which I found quite amusing. When I sat down to eat my cereal, it started to slide out of the bowl. I couldn't tell if I was hallucinating or if I was spilling. When the cereal began to spread across the floor, walls, and ceiling and decided I was hallucinating.

T+3:00: We decided to watch the Alive at Red Rocks concert by Incubus on DVD. I remember watching the guitar and the lead singer stretch about a foot out of the TV. The coolest part of it (if you've happened to see this concert on DVD) was the visualizer for the song Sick Sad Little World which lasted about 8 minutes and was one of the craziest things that I had ever seen.

T+3:30: We stop watching the concert and play a little GTA: Vice City. I was convinced that I was in the game.

T+4:00: We were all completely exhausted and still had to try and get up for school the next day (it was a Wednesday night of all nights) so we tried to sleep which didn't work out too well.

T+5:30: After smoking enough weed this was around the time that I thought that I fell asleep. We decided to skip school because there was no way I could sit in class for the day.

T+12:00: I wake up feeling like a vegetable. I only could do the simplest things for that day. I needed to watch things that weren't very complicated like Lost in Translation and Napoleon Dynamite.

This was a crazy experience which I don't ever plan on repeating. It was really stupid of us to take that many mushrooms without researching what a normal amount was first. I probably got away with having a good trip because it was my first psychedelic experience and the next time I took mushrooms I took a normal amount and was quite a bit antsier coming up. This was probably the second craziest psychedelic experience that I had ever had. The most intense one that I had was when I took acid, ecstasy and mushrooms all at the same time and I would say that that experience was on par with this story.