So I'll start by telling a little about myself. I'm 20 years old, weight about 65kg, and I have been interested in psychedelics, since I tried mushrooms for the first time, when I was 15. Since that first experience, I quickly became interested in the spiritual aspect of drug use. I have experience with a lot of different drung (DXM, LSD, DMT, mescaline, LSA, 2c-b, 2c-e, DOB, ketamine, MDMA, coke, speed, cannabis + more)  I have learned and grown a lot these past 3 years. But nothing could have prepared me for the sheer weirdness of the things that was to come.

So this was my first try IMing ketamine. I had snorted it a lot and found the hole to be very interesting, but I came to a point where I didn't show me anything new. So I bought some 27g 20mm needles and started reading up on I'm injecting. I don't really like needles and I didn't like the idea of injecting it. But after a lot of reading I convinced myself that I could do this safely. 

Liquid ketamine is very hard to come by around here, so I had to use powdered. The dealer is a very close friend of mine, and he assured me that it was not cut. I trust him. So I went home and measured out 125mg, which was placed in a shot glass. I boiled some water and put 1.5ml (hot) into the shot glass, with the ketamine. It took some minutes to dissolve completely. Then I made a little cotton ball and punt it into the shot. The syringe was placed inside the cotton ball and the solution was sucked up. The white cotton ball revealed small black dots of dirt. Good thing I didn't inject it with that dirt. I located the muscle (vastus lateralis) and relaxed it (DON'T flex it while injecting). The site was cleaned with alcohol and I found my self sitting with a syringe, ready to inject. I waited about 10 sec and in one quick motion (like throwing a dart) the needle was in my muscle. It didn't hurt at all, but I felt a little weird. I pulled back the plunger to see if any blood entered the syringe. There was none, which is good. I injected it slowly; it took about 30sec to get it all in. The needle was quickly pulled out and I put a small bandage on the site. I went to the bed and lay down. 

The first effect came on after about 3min. It felt very deep, and it accelerated very quickly. Before I knew it, I was in the hole. It felt massive, I didn't know who, where or what I was. My room completely transformed, it was still a room, but it was a room in a different dimension. I remember thinking "different rules apply here", like different rules of physics. Gravity was at some point non existent and at another point it was massive. I had very weird "visions" of different "thing" happening. Like I was being moved from one point to another. Weird creatures started appearing but they never came close and they disappeared again. I was not afraid because there was no "I". Everything just was. Suddenly everything transformed again. Like the room was split into pieces and then put back together in a different arrangement. I was in a completely different place. New rules applied here. I felt like a higher force was controlling everything. And that I was just an observer. I had no control in this place. I didn't need to be in control. Something was taking care of me. Everything felt very organic in a very alien way. The creature's appeared once more. This time closer, but still too far away. The change in environment or transformation happened about 5 times. On the 5th time, everything transformed back normal. I found myself lying in my bed, very sedated, but I was defiantly back. The entire experience lasted about 1 1/2 hours. The sedation stayed with me for about 3 hours afterwards.

This was definitely the weirdest experience of my entire life. Some things were very hard to understand and some thing I can't remember. I find it very hard to put words on the experience. I don't think I got any deeper understanding of anything. But it was definitely very interesting. Just the sheer weirdness makes this worthwhile. IMing it makes it incredibly intense. If you are experienced with k I can definitely recommend IMing it. Just be safe. Read and learn all you can before attempting this.

Love
Anon