I'm writing this hoping others will understand the changes that some people go through after an experience with 'X' if you've never tried it before that is.

I'm a straight heterosexual male. I love women. You already know where this is going, I'm sure. My wife and I tried MDMA (powder pure stuff) that I measured out to 120mg for me and 100mg for her. She's about 135lbs. It was enough...it was our first time. 

My metabolism is fast...very. Hers is average. We took it at the same time and just sat in bed waiting. I had Enigma playing in the background. We had a couple of 2 liter water bottles waiting nearby. We talked about the day, we just relaxed. The friend who gave us the X told us some general things to do like have water and don't think about what's going to happen. Anxiety about the experience can make it appear to take longer to kick in. 

It was probably about 10 minutes for me before I started to feel REALLY sick. I wanted to die almost immediately. I felt like my stomach was on fire. All in all, I've never done anything before. I don't smoke, drink or put anything that's not organic in my body. Probably why my reaction was terrible. However it really only lasted about 4 minutes before it went away as fast as it had hit me. The next 30 mins were truly what ecstasy is all about. I felt terrible in hindsight as my wife didn't get the amazing experience as I did. I had incredible full body orgasms over and over. Funny enough, during my orgasmic waves, I really needed to pee so I got out of bed, ran to the bathroom and stood over the bathtub, knowing I was shaking so much from the orgasms I wouldn't keep it on target for the 'Throne'. 

I remember, thinking to myself, how great this was...I never wanted it to end. Also, that I was having these great orgasms and how weird it was that I couldn't feel my penis. Or so I thought as my mind was just playing tricks on me. Back to business; I was eventually able to relax enough to allow my bladder to free up. A warm, so very comfortable feeling actually interrupted my orgasmic moment, allowing me to feel 'myself' again. The overwhelming orgasms had completely made me forget about my wife so I ran the shower quickly and rinsed off consciously...amazingly. The warm water was great but I was able to remember to get out and go find her! 

I got back to the bedroom, she was just laying there with a big smile on her face. We layed down together and I tried to explain the happenings of the last 5-10 minutes. She didn't care. All of a sudden, she just wrapped her mouth around my penis. I can't really explain the emotion...just that, I began to cry with the pleasure of a thousand BJ's all at once. I could get hard, but it would only last a moment as she brought me to orgasm...perhaps once every 5 minutes. And I came...and I came...and I was very much interested in other things, like how it tasted and what she liked about it. She explained the sweetness of my fluids and the perfection of the fit of my member in her mouth. She demanded more and I had no problems fulfilling her desires. I decided to give her a taste. I ended up with a sore tongue the next day...bodily fluids taste amazing on X. Women...especially. 

To the point...I've done it with her three times total. They all were the same for us. It was great to talk during the warm up, but it ended up just purely about sex and sharing bodily fluids like cum (snowballing), saving saliva and letting it drip into each others mouth. Drinking water from each other. Whatever we could think of. Also, prostate stimulation on X is vastly superior to anything else I can imagine. A 5inch dildo and some lube and the ultimate satisfaction is mine. It changed what I think about sex...and my sexuality. Use with caution.