Relatively a year ago at the University of New Orleans I got a hold of two grams of some p. cubensis. After a few days after staring at the jar that held it, I learned that a drug could in fact expose the metaphysical infinity of the universe. 

I am experienced with hallucinogens. I've taken different kinds of blotter, all of which gave me a world of pain. After each experience with acid I told myself that my life in drugs was over and I needed to move on, but I always came back to it. I also did mdma a few times. My experiences with mdma were either completely dull or as genuine as virgin sex. I have never taken mush before this experience.

A friend of mine and me both got two grams and woke up about a week later and decided to take it out of impulse. I was feeling slightly anxious about it since I knew I should have been studying rather than taking some fucked up drug, but I just said "fuck it." We took it while playing Wii bowling and almost forgot we took it after an hour or two. We went to the living room and we both started to notice some changes in the way were feeling. Personally, I felt like something was creeping up behind me. I felt like I was on the fringe of something dire. When the experience was building I could talk myself through it but it soon grew to be something I could not simply push to the side. My friend went to the bathroom to study his face in the mirror. From my experience with hallucinogens that is never a good idea.

As the effects started to plateau I started to get sharp images in my head with my eyes closed. I was blown. I kept telling my friend that something big was coming and I did not know if it was good or bad (meaning I thought it was going to be bad). I could tell he was a little confused when we tried to talk because he kept misinterpreting everything I said, so I just laid back and closed my eyes. A few minutes of that was enough to get us a freaked out so we decided to go for a walk.

This is where the glory struck me We were walking the levee by the lake during a sunset tripping. As we were walking I saw an obelisk (it was really a tall, erect lamp post) and waves of childhood nostalgia came across me. It was as though I was completely in the moment and stopped thinking about where I was going or where I had been. Everything was right as it was, no matter what it turned out to be. We found a field along the levee and laid down to look up at the sky. 

The intrinsic value of sky was unspeakable. Chariots humbled me into its beauty. What I felt at that moment will never be justified with words, and knowing that that feeling is inside of me follows me to this very day. I really did learn that existence is a function of relationship, and that the personal "I" and "me" was just another way of acknowledging the universe. It is very easy to get stuck in the idea that you are separate from the world, making you the in-group apart from the out-group, but for an instant in time I saw it as it really was, unity. I deconstructed the arbitrary nature of who I really was with this chemical.