For a time from mid-summer 2007 to September of that year I went on an acid binge where I would trip every weekend on at least two hits.  This was without a doubt a life changing experience; I felt that I learned more about myself and my niche in the social network I had been creating the past 20 years.  I had tripped on acid 2 times before the summer binge and upwards of 25 times on mushrooms prior dating back to 11th grade.  So I guess you could say that my classroom acid experience was the culminating event/day of my very memorable summer binge.  
        
The night before, a Tuesday evening, a friend was able to find some acid and sell it to me.  Promptly thereafter I proclaimed that I planned to eat it the next morning about half an hour before my American Literature class at 11 a.m.  I would mainly attribute this impromptu reaction to my friend's ability to sell me acid very late into the night before the class to my lack of acid the previous 2 weeks.  
	
Anyway, I wake up at 10:30 a.m. the day of this class, have sudden apprehensions, but take the hit almost instinctively soon thereafter.  I dressed, smoked probably 2-3 hits out of my bong, and got all my stuff ready for college feeling great that I'm about to accomplish a goal I had set for myself roughly 2 years earlier.  I did not eat breakfast.  During the walk to class I felt no effects of the dose.  However, upon arriving at the lecture hall and seating myself (in the back of course) I began to feel the stomach butterflies that usually accompany the rise of any trip.  Also during this period, brush stroke-like bands of pinkish-red began to form around some things like the screen the projector projects on.  Also, my depth perception went out of wack and concentration lessened, which I had anticipated.  Also, I was having a hard time controlling laughter.  I felt crazy because I knew that no one in the class knew I was tripping at the time.  It really was a great feeling though; it was like I had a huge super secret all to myself.  I believe this secret is what led to my feeling of extreme giddiness.  Anyway, I trip very hard the entire class; time seems to drag on for a while as I attempt to concentrate, but fail in doing so.  Class lets out at 11:50 a.m.  
	
Upon leaving I feel quite elated knowing that I have a whole day (for usually when I trip, as long as I get up once, I feel the drug until I fall asleep; either a gift or a curse, I assume the former) to trip on acid.  I ponder what to do, and maybe due to the literature based topics I just listened to for the past 50 minutes, I decide to go home and write poetry; something I hadn't done for many months and had been meaning to get back to doing on a regular basis.  The walk home, which is roughly .75 miles, seems half as long as normal for I am lost in my own thoughts, cool visuals, and overall sounds of College Park, Maryland.  
	
So I get home, whip out my notebook and pen and begin to write my, as of now, favorite poem which I believe holds the most truth:

Our Lives Depend On

circles in the sky with lined paths of
billion-year-old light; doth display
constancies, here, on this sphere, lay a knife
used to cut, the fruit of knowledge and learning 
with seeping clear juices to drop into eyes

change.
    	
After these lines, which my mind seemed to vomit onto the paper, I began to laugh out loud.  Tears came to my eyes and I was completely overcome with joy and again I reminded myself that I had an entire day to trip and have fun; after my next class at 2 p.m. of course.  Time flies between classes and the poem; I do not particularly remember, but I estimate that I ingested about 5-7 bong hits during this time.  
	
My next class is with one of my good friends; he had no idea I was on acid, but I showed him the poem I had written earlier; he couldn't read my handwriting.  Class started and, maybe because I was in the front row this time, I started to feel like I was going to be called on and put on the spot in front of everybody.  I couldn't shake the feeling, especially since I had not read the required material for the day.  This developed into a sort of paranoia, which I believe I was only able to pull myself out of because I am very experienced with psychedelics.  At times I felt like running out of the classroom; I was truly scared.  Anyway, I was better able to comprehend what was going on during the duration of class, but I could not write the notes as well in my notebook; I would later use them to study and I found them to be comparatively, to the other class days, sub-par.  Class ends at 3:15 p.m. and not a moment too soon for I was tired and just wanted to chill for the remainder of my trip.  Which I did, and ended up having a tremendous afternoon and evening.