Well this story started with my fascination with hallucinogens back in high school. I always read about this stuff in health class, and thought ' hey it'll be just like a video game, or TV' .wrong. Back then I backyard wrestled, and the name Drake came up. My persona Drake was a bad guy. simple. plain. to the point. Any ways I wasn't in the greatest of spirits, girlfriend dumped me, lost my job, yadda. So I heard about the acid, and thought why not? I did a lot of studying, mostly online, and purchased 2 hits from a friends friend.

I thought I should have someone to watch me that night in case of bad trippiness. I took both hits at 6:30 and waited. My friend and I were watching Harry Potter (I thought this would work well due to the rated PG ness) I waited to well over 9:30 PM, and nothing had happened. I was confused. I said, ' aw screw it, just bring me home.' I thought I had been screwed out of the night. I borrowed 'interview with a vampire' from him and was dropped off home. As soon as I walked into my room I knew something was wrong. The walls looked funny, like they were breathing. I dismissed it as quickly as I saw it, and put in the video. The movie drew me in so well that I couldn't see the edges of the TV. Everything felt like it was real, 3 D, like I was looking through a window. The introspectiveness of the movie got to me, and I had started thinking about everything that had happened in my life. It was like I had watched it like I watched the movie, through a window. My body split into two. I was stuck watching myself fighting my wrestling ego 'Drake'. My heart raced, and I became all sweaty.It wasn't till then I realized that the movie was over...and this was a long movie. I think something like 2- 2 1/2 hours? At that point, shaken by what I had seen, I walked downstairs to use the bathroom. Everything looked fine till I looked at myself in the mirror. It is kind of hard to explain what I saw. First off the mirror looked like a pool of water. The center of the water was repeatedly rippling to the outside. However within all the choppiness I saw Drake staring at me smiling. He knew I was weak, that I still was upset over the girlfriend dumping me, still upset over my lost job. I ignored him and went back upstairs. Now I cannot describe any visuals I may have had the due to the lights being off. This trip was 100% introspective. I tried falling asleep, but could not. Eventually like I had not just watched the movie, I put the Damn thing back in. Over the course of the movie I hated myself. I hated Drake, and Drake had taken over. I was squirming back and forth wanting to kill Drake...scratching myself, and biting myself. It was bad. Then once again realized the movie was over. It was now 6 in the morning. I tried going to sleep again, and nothing worked. I was now pissed. I was tired, pissed at myself, and had work that day. The sun rose and I looked outside. It was beautiful. I sat there for a half an hour watching it. I tried to atone for all the bad things in life, hoping it would get rid of Drake. That didn't work. He knew it. 
    
There was no sleep that day... and I went into work. Close friends knew there was something wrong, and I told them that I didn't get any sleep. No one knew that from then till now I have been fighting with an alter ego. However on a good note, I have heard about obtaining more acid. With the next trip planned in mind, I plan to kill the ego of 'Drake'. I have studied and have been practicing on meditation, and I plan to fix myself. Although it was obviously such a difficult experience, I don't think LSD is bad. It had shown me something that I needed to see. Now the cause is now the cure, so I hope. I'm sure there will be an update.