It was after a friends football game when we decided to take an 8th of gooms each. I separated the stems and caps then ground everything into a powder so we would each get the same dose. I think grinding them up made them come on a lot faster than expected.

We smoked a blunt between the two of us then decided to go watch some animal planet. Planet earth was on and the scenery in those shows are supposed to be amazing but all I could fucos on were the animals only, just the animals, the plains, the mountains, and everything else was just a blur. I realized that those animals were actually alive on this planet right now and got a little sad to know that they're out there killing eachother. Then things got a little weird, my friend kept saying 'I dont know whats happening.' everytime I asked him what he was feeling. I got irritated at this but didnt want to sound pissy in fears of giving him a bad trip. Instead, I said I was going to take a nap on the other side of the house.

I napped off and on for what seemed like 2 hours but was only like half an hour. I felt bad that I left my friend in this state by himself so I went out to the family room to meet him. Technically he was asleep but thats not what I saw. I got REAL close to his face and determined that he wasnt breathing or moving at all. 'Shit. How will I explain this to his parents?' and an overwhelming fear surged over me. I shook my friend really hard but he wouldnt wake up, so I slapped him a couple times and he woke up going,'What the fuck are you doing to me?!?' I didn't want to mention that I thought he was dead so I said 'just checking, brah, no worries here. And he went back to sleep. About an hour later he got up to go nap in my room. When he was asleep in my room, I turned ALL the lights off in my house. And I mean ALL the lights, even little blinking led lights on cable boxes. I wanted pitch black. Then when everything was dark, I couldn't figure out where any switches were to turn the lights on. So I walked around my house in the darkness for a while but got a little paranoid that if I kept walking by the front window, someone might think that a burgler broke into our house and might call police. So I lay in the dark for a couple hours, listening to every sound the house was making. Beams settling, heater turning on, sprinklers outside going off, and all sorts of other imagined sounds. I figured at one point that someone else must be here to turn all this shit on. But that faded when I remembered that everything in my house is on timers. No one home but Me, my friend and my brother(who was asleep)

Then I went to my room to check on my friend. He was asleep again and the same thing as earlier happened. I shook him again and he woke up. I said 'hey lets go smoke this blunt and watch the sunrise' No response. I thought he had died again while I was talking to him so I decided to sit on my couch and watch him sleep so he wouldn't die. But the same thing happened about 10 times over 20 minutes before I went outside to smoke the blunt by myself. I was halfway thru when my friend came out and finished the blunt with me. He asked if I could drive him to football practice in a few hours. Definitely the strongest trip I've had, not visually but psychologically.