E.I.P - 1. Ketamine

E.I.P Basically stands for (very predictably) 'Experiments in Psychedelics'. An idea to see and study, the sudden onset of the drug use/psychedelia phenomenon on musicians, philosophers and artists. Its not a very detailed idea and theres no need for that, its more like the collection of data to be evaluated and analyzed 'later' and then constructed upon.

A properly weighed 100 mg line was separated from the total (approx.) 450 mg. I took a clean glass tube to 'snort' the white powder in. I insufflated it in one powerful blow and felt the power creep through my nostrills, a stingy/burning sensation through the nasal passage was almost immediate. 3-4 Minutes after that, I could feel my face numbing and the substance slowly taking control. 

In the next 45-50 seconds I could not feel most of my body, ketamine being an anesthetic I was not surprised, what I was surprised was that starting from that point, my perception of time sort of dismantled. Gradually just going away, breaking down, not changing, literally going away. I was sitting in a lotus position throughout, and slowly when it started 'kicking in' I felt the need to move to a more secluded environment. Due to the complete lack of feeling throughout my body I dragged myself behind 4 hanging shower curtains in a round edged sort of a fashion. 

The shower curtains were separated into 3 different color zones. Orange, Dark Purple and A slightly lighter orange. I kept on staring at them with absolutely no idea of where I was or what was going on. I felt my self dissolved, my ego dissolved; By now, I can see the color zones all being a different shade of gray and moving like a film reel. The visual play was not that special without the psychological phenomenon attached to it. I felt and saw as if everything was black and white and my ego had dissolved completely and I remember telling telling myself 'For death, this isn't bad, everything ends up just alright.' I could hear what I would call an accelerating popping sound, running towards higher pitch at a noticeable pace. Slowly I moved out of this ego dissolved state with the idea of everything working out just right after death. The colors had restored, the visual and audio play was over; Though I did feel as if I couldn't merge the images both my eyes were capturing. As if the frame of the left eye was a little higher than the right one and they both were capturing the same thing individually. I slowly started coming down, and while coming down I did feel some sort of nausea, I don't know what it was, but it happened to trigger me puking, but it didn't feel anything like the classical nausea-purge thing. In fact it didn't feel bad at all, not even the so called 'nausea'.

Gradually I got myself together and explained everything to my trip setter and made notes. My body was very stuttery and shaky after coming down but in about 3 hours and a shower I was completely fine.