Now, talking to my more experienced friends, I think I may have been ripped off in terms of the quality of the shrooms and how much I had paid. But this day was just amazing, and I wouldn't have had it any other way.

Me and my friend, T, had been planning our trip for about a week, and we had all our people in place. We decided: we were going to trip on that Friday. I spent the entire week preparing for the trip, eating as healthy as possible and avoiding any confrontation that could put me into a negative mindset.

After school on Friday, we immediately went to pick the shrooms up, and  waited until about 5 p.m. to take them. T and his girlfriend, B were going to trip sit for me. For a few minutes i just sat there with a stupid grin on my face, happily excited for the trip. As I waited for the onset, I played some car racing video game. Thats when i first started noticing the effects. The car slowly started to get farther and farther away from the screen and I started inching closer and closer to the TV. At the point where I was only a few inches from the TV, T and B asked me what I was doing. I just flashed them giant smile, and said, 'It's starting...'

I laid on my back, staring at the blacklight in T's basement, when I this sudden surge of euphoria.

'T, we need to go to the forest.'

'Why?'

'Because I'm extremely happy and I'm going to start shouting about it here in a little bit. Your mom isn't going to like that.'

Minutes later, we were walking to the forest in the at the park, me touching everything within my reach, noticing for the first time how beautiful the angles, edges, and surfaces were. Kids were playing catch with a football, and I remember standing there in wonder, marveling at the gentle arcs the ball was making between the two.

Then I remembered what I had gone there to do. I started running into the forest, screaming in euphoric laughter. I had never felt so free in my life. I closed my eyes as I ran around in the woods, and I felt like a bird. No, I felt that I WAS a bird. I eventually collapsed onto the ground, still laughing. What was amazing about this laughter was that it was...well the word to use here would be 'full.' Full, hearty laughter.

I let my mind race. I slowly realized the infinite amount of ways one could go about living life. There were just so many possibilities! I also started feeling a strong sense if disapproval for people that always complained about their lives or spoke with negative vibes. This prompted me to make a phone call to a friend, V. I didn't like the way he said 'hello' and proceeded to yell at him, encouraging him to not be so negative about life. Looking back on it, it was silly to do so, as this was only over the way he greeted me over the phone. After the call, the euphoria reached its peak and I broke down in tears, happy tears, announcing I had finally made peace with myself. Looking around, I felt extremely 'at home.' Not out there, with the cities, the cars, the pollution. Here, in a green scene of serenity. With nature.

Later, when we went home, I popped in a new CD I had just bought earlier that day, Thursday's Full Collapse. I was instantly blown away. I related the band's tendencies of changing pace and moods to life as a whole. I finally, then looking around at the messy room, I realized that I actually appreciated it, much like I appreciated life. Then, a notion struck me. The meanings and concept of life was directly related to art. I began to see everything in my life and surroundings as beautiful, and forms of art. The way T and B were holding each other. The shapes of objects. The softness of the couch I was sitting on.

For the remainder of the trip I just blissfully listened to Thursday, immersed in a general sense of contentedness. That night, T and I snuck out of the house, so I could trip sit for him. But I'll let him tell that story.