The experiences of lsd had always somewhat interested me, even before I'd gotten into psychedelics. I started smoking weed about 3-4 years ago, and a friend of mine suggested we try to get some of that wonderful Sunshine we'd heard so much about.
For a good 3 months, we were out of luck; no one we knew had any idea how or where to get any. Then, while hanging out with some buds for a jamming session, we got the news.a friend of a friend of ours had some in their possession, and they were letting us buy 10 hits for $90. Sweet.

So, me, W, C, and J waited for them to get off work and show up with the goods.we waited, and waited, and waited. It was about 9:30 PM when it arrived, and we immediately began splitting up the hits. Since C and J had bought the strip with their money, they got 3 hits each, me and W got 2. We decided to eat only one at a time after extensive research online, which we naively thought prepared us for the effects. Needless to say.we were wrong.

Waiting for 30 minutes was excruciating, but soon we were finding the most mundane tasks hilarious. Lighting a joint was enthralling, and occasionally one of us would drop our lighter, sending us into giggle-fits. Then, we had the "brilliant" idea to turn off the lights in the apartment, and put on some trippy music.starting with the Beatles' Revolution 9. Once "number 9" started repeating in the semi-darkness (because we'd also turned on a lava lamp in the corner), it all started.

Thinking back, I really can't remember exactly what color that damn lava lamp was that night. I remember hues of green, red, and purple, but I'm not positive. Anyway, after enjoying mild visual distortions for about half an hour, such as watching the ceiling fan lower and raise as it spun, walls breathing, etc. etc., J and I decided to go out on the patio for a cig. Now, I'm a reasonably stable-minded guy, but he almost convinced me he was my Tyler Durden.my alter-ego, as it were. Hey, at the time, I wasn't in much of a state to argue, I just denied.  Here's where the trip really set in.

10:30-ish.I was almost done smoking my cig. J had gone back in, and I remained outside trying to straighten my mind out. For some reason, his argument that he was my double seemed reasonable, but I couldn't accept it. I finally got my head straight.reasonably.and turned to go back in, when I realized there were people coming over from across the parking lot. Paranoia set in like a ton of bricks. I ran inside, shut the door, and went into the bathroom. Once inside, I completely forgot why I'd come back in, and proceeded to take a piss. Coming back out into the living room, I noticed the other guys kinda freaking, and I asked what was up. W told me these people had come in, one chick wearing a weird mask, and he had scared her off by staring and touching the mask to make sure she was real. I had no clue what he was talking about. The people had completely slipped my mind!

We returned to the bedroom to listen to more music. Visuals were getting more and more intense. I could've sworn there was a strangely-shaped talisman or ornament of some kind suspended directly in front of my face, and I "grabbed" it and put it away. Now here's where the fun began.

C said he had a cd that was really trippy, and he put it in the big, multi-tray stereo J had in his room. Lights out, lava lamp on, music beginning.but this was strange music. It was dark, sinister even, and we immediately felt a cold menace begin to creep into our reality. For the curious, the cd was Delerium Cordia by Fantomas. Shapes began moving and flitting about the dark room. We still had the giddy feeling of coming up, but it was rapidly becoming shadowed over by this.apocalyptic music invading our minds. Deep chants, strange screams and breathing sounds, weird moans and giggles and clangs.We felt like we were in some devil's kitchen. The stereo became some kind of boiler, an oven that radiated evil. W began staring at the corners of the room, mumbling from time to time about things coming out of them. By now, we'd lost all association with time and the outside world. Our reality was the 9th level of hell. I recall C nonchalantly stepping into the closet on one side of the room and, just because I was feeling ducky, I shut the door behind him.

"Dude, no, let me out, seriously, man, open the door I can't stay in here open the door man really OPEN THE DOOR MAN DUDE!"

Realizing it wasn't locked or anything, he stepped out with a calm look on his face, which momentarily sent us into peals of giggles again.

Finally, We decided to explore the rest of the apartment. That was quite possibly the most difficult thing we did that night. Opening the door was like opening a door into a different world, a separate universe. We'd forgotten to leave any lights on! Darkness greeted us, and it took quite a while for us to reach the kitchen, where the only light on was located. J, C, and W became fixated on a bubble rising up from the tiles of the floor, but I, for some reason I haven't yet figured out, decided to return to the bedroom and finish listening to the music. Here's where I blacked out a little. I do not remember what went on in that dark room where demons pranced about and laughed as they picked at me and flitted from corner to corner. I just sat in a chair, enraptured by the darkness.

Suddenly, W opened the door, and I realized the music had stopped. 
"Dude? Dude, why are you in here?? C'mon, we're about to go outside."

The idea intrigued me, and we all headed out onto a grassy lawn just outside the apartment. The sky, which should have been black from the night, was a blazing orange punctuated by small, black clouds rushing across its surface. We sat in the grass, captured by the brilliant display. Then, thinking we were coming down, we went back inside to the room, wisely flipping on the lights as we did. W somehow rolled a joint, and we smoked as we debated whether or not to take another tab. W and I were all for it, but C and J were against it, so we smoked the rest of the joint instead. Almost instantly, we peaked again. The next few hours or so are a hazy recollection of running around the apartment, laughing, staring wide-eyed at shapes that weren't there, shapes that chased us, eluded us, played tag with us. W and I met up in the bathroom and stared into the mirror for a while, just to check our eyes. As we suspected.big as dinner plates. I remember distinctly one of the funniest moments of the night. J, C, and W were in the kitchen, I was in the living room. Suddenly, the kitchen light began to strobe, and each time it did, J would cry out in momentary panic. I went in to see what was going on, and found C and W laughing their asses off as J laid on the floor, squealing every time the light flashed. Then, J's roommate, who was across the parking lot with some other friends, walked in the door.

"I.noticed my kitchen was flashing."
Gales of laughter.

 Finally, we'd had enough. C and J went back into the bedroom to chill out to some Led Zeppelin, and W and I stayed in the living room playing a game to ground us. Before long, we realized the sun was shining in through the blinds. It was morning, real morning this time, and we felt ourselves crashing from the night's events.

Although my first and only trip from acid was riddled with fear and darkness, it was also punctuated with mind-opening, euphoric revelations and visions. I'll definitely do it again at any given opportunity, I guess because I've gotten the bad trip out of the way. Anything else would be a good trip in comparison.or so I thought. A month or two later, I first read others' experiences with acid, and I was dumbfounded at the number of trips that were inconceivably worse than mine. This hasn't changed my decisions in the least, however, and lsd still beckons me forward.  I still feel it at the edge of my consciousness, and I can't wait for the next time.