Very enjoyable first time

I would like to talk about my experience on new years eve, we were welcoming in 2008. After a heavy night in town we went back to my friend's flat. It is noteworthy that I had consumed a small amount of cocaine 5 hours prior to the experience. Plus a very large amount of alcohol.

After a few drinks and realising I had about 350mg of DMT in my bag for that 'special occasion' I decided to invite my frend Jordan to a room as he has been anticipating smoking DMT since I mentioned my Mimosa Hostilis Root Bark extraction I started weeks earlier.

Whilst preparing the DMT, I evaporated it onto some mixed herbs which was purchased at a local shop. This is what we loaded into a glass 'steamroller' style pipe.

He went first; one toke, then two and another and so on.....

After the 5th toke he passed me the pipe and reclined onto the bed in the room.  He started moaning in ecstacy which I found encouraging but also very amusing. He didnt talk much about his experience.

I was next, I took as many tokes as I could - when the walls started melting and disintegrating I passed the pipe to jordan and quickly lied down on the already prepared bed cushions.

I saw a vast overwhelming array of colours at first which intensified with each thought. It was so unbelieveably intense, I was groaning as if I was involved in some sort of divine sexual encounter. I felt like my brain had been laid, It was really incredible. I remember saying 'oh god....wow...' this continued for 5-10 minutes after I came back.

After about 4 or 5 hits over a period of 1-2 hours my experience were almost the same, with the last one being the exception.

I had the usual melting of reality, then I felt like I was propelled into a strange foreign place - I was there alone, but was greeted by an elf who was insisting of revealing something to me, I came back before I had the chance to investigate this mysterious object I was invited to see. Needless to say I was disappointed yet strangely satisfied.

The next one was quite abnormal. I had an amazing experience, but towards the end I seem to remember some strange entity yelling something along the lines of 'hey' or 'yoy' at me repeatedly. It really felt like a sort of 'miniature eternity' I was slightly freaked out, but The alcohol in my system probably reduced this anxiety.

Overall, I had an amazing night, and my friend was obsessed; we spent the next hour or two talking about it, he was very thankful that I had given his the DMT, he's obsessed, but can you blame him? The main side effect of DMT is the fact that one obsesses about the amazing experince one has.

Peace out :)