I almost decided not to take the hit. I had not done it in so long I couldn't decide if I wanted to or not. That night, however, after going to see a local band at a peace bar with some friends I thought, what could be the worst to happen?

My world was changed forever. This was not even the first time I tried acid. Nothing has been the same for me since.

The night I took the hit, I met up with my friend and her boyfriend and after listening to the band, decided to go back to his apartment. I definitely did not want to be driving while tripping. After arriving to his house I realized it was the 25th anniversary of the Grateful Dead blotter. That relaxed me and made me giddy inside. I took one hit. One hit. Doubting hardly any strange feelings would arouse. I was wrong.

After about 45 minutes, I decided to watch Dazed and Confused. The other people were in another room playing guitar all sitting around together singing. I watched the entire movie confused about the meaning of it all. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. 

When the movie ended, I decided to go into the "guitar" room and jam with all my friends. The effect of the acid was really starting to mess with me. I played the guitar while the strings moved around me and danced while I was playing them. More people started to show up to my friend's boyfriend's apartment. I needed air. My friend and I walked outside and decided we wanted to get a Widespread Panic cd out of her boyfriend's truck. After sitting outside in the cold laughing because we didn't know how to get in the truck, her boyfriend came out with the keys and unlocked it for us. We sat in his truck for about 30 minutes wondering how to get the cd player open. Everything seemed to take so long to do. I couldn't figure out why normal things I would attempt to do seemingly took an extra 30 minutes. It was hilarious. I loved this new way of life. I felt like I was literally in slow motion.

After discovering the Widespread Panic cd, my friend and I raced back inside, put the disc into the cd player and danced for what seemed a million years. Bare footed, long skirt, my beautiful Grateful Dead necklace tied tightly, I danced until I thought my lungs would burst. It was the most beautiful thing in the world. I loved my life. And if I could just dance here, and not do anything for the rest of time, I would be fine.  Eventually we got tired, however, and decided to sit in front of the fan and cool off. Watching my skirt blow in front of the fan, I felt like I was at the beach. I imagined myself, drink in one hand, the other hand tracing lines in the sand. This feeling was overwhelming. 

It was getting hot. There were many people in his apartment now. My friend and I didn't know what to do. We both glanced into his bedroom and saw the window. The window. Our haven. That saved us that night. I will never forget the window and the wonderful memories and closeness it brought. We opened up the window and literally hung out of it, the bottom half of our bodies standing on the bed, while the top half dangling. We stared at the stars and I shot to the moon. I danced around in space for a while, laughing at all the other meaningless people in the other room. Didn't they know they could fly in space in this room? They were missing out. I was having the time of my life. My friend and I discussed how beautiful bricks were and how there was a Mexican mountain just right above the rooftop. What in the world had I done to myself? 

After coming back to reality and climbing safely back onto the bed, my friend and I began to dance again, swaying to the music. At one point, I touched the boom box ( I still call it that, forgive me.) and I knew right then and there I was at a Panic concert, front row, basking in the gloriousness of JB, Jimmy, Schools, Jojo, Todd, and Sunny. I was the luckiest girl in the world. Who would have known in just an hour, I would be sitting at yet another Panic show this year. I literally felt the music's vibration. I jolted at this orgasmic feeling. 

After dancing  once again, my friend and I decided to head back to the window. As we climbed out, we began laughing uncontrollably. I don't know to this day if it was because of how wonderful it felt to be on the outside world, or if it was because at 3 in the morning, we were climbing out a window staring up at the rooftops of houses. A light suddenly came on, we threw ourselves back on the bed. Who in the world was that? Had someone seen us? What would they have thought? This only made us laugh harder. How random. I love random events and awkward moments define my life, but this was a whole new chapter in the book. After about ten minutes and no one had pounded down the door, we relaxed and laid on the bed.

"Look up at the ceiling, it's insane!" my friend's always told me. Man, what a sight. Before even thinking about the ceiling, I glanced around the room and stared at the posters. The most intriguing poster was of The Doors' Jim Morrison's face. The only difference than a normal picture was that the background colors were incredibly trippy. I stared at his face and I was happy that we were friends. I felt like I could confide in him and talk to him. My friend and I actually did talk to him. We explained how awkward we felt because the people in the other room were acting so shady! After talking to Jim I felt better. After looking at different posters around the room, my other favorite was the Phish poster to my right. It was the band all gathered around in black and white. It seemed as though they were just there practicing in the studio. I told my friend I felt like I was in the studio with them. I told the boys to turn up the mike a bit and my friend and I actually jammed with Phish for a while. 

After jamming with Phish, I looked back over at the poster of Jim and I realized he was mad at me. He was REALLY mad at me. He was glaring at me and his nostrils flared. I was scared. I was extremely scared. Even my friend noticed how mad he got! All I could mutter was, "Jim, don't give me that look." I just wanted him to be happy again. I couldn't bare it anymore, so my friend and I hung out of the window again. I enjoyed it so much. The bursts of air, the clear night sky, it was all so intriguing.

Finally, daylight was coming about. We had spent the entire night in her boyfriend's room. We laid in his bed and opened the window and watched the sky as it turned into a dull gray. We also watched her boyfriend and all his friends come out into the living room and talk as if we were not there. It was as if my friend and I were watching a television show. We were invisible. It was all so strange. She put on a Dave Matthews CD (Some Devil) and we stared at a painting by Van Gogh. We realized that the painter doesn't even have a clue was he is about to do. It is just the miracle of the paint brush and every second it touches the canvas. 

What a night. I finally fell asleep listening to So Damn Lucky, and realized that I was ready to come down off of this feeling although it had helped me to bond closer to my friend. My life is just a series of incredible awkward moments. And I love it. With or without LSD.  I haven't used it in a while and I might never drop again. But if I do, I know the random events that will happen will be life altering and mind changing for my world at least.