My friend and I ingested two tabs of acid each while waiting for the bus. The bus came about 5 minutes later. About 10 minutes into our trip, everything started to seem strange and my teeth began feeling like they didn't belong in my mouth. 15 minutes into our trip, still on the bus, people's faces maintained their shapes and colors but I was much less afraid to look at people and began to try to figure them out based solely on their actions, dress, and posture. 

At this point, about 20 minutes in, the world was taking on another dimension. I was far more aware of people's actions and motives than I'd ever been. I noticed every look, every gesture. Many faces seemed distracted. I felt more able than ever to detect emotion. Fear was prevalent. The urban atmosphere took on an ugly, gas stained look. The sidewalk seemed dirtier than ever. 

One man passed me. He had yellow, sallow skin with strange blue eyes and fanged teeth. His bizarre appearance almost made me wonder if he was a vampire but I quickly dismissed the idea and kept walking. 

My friend and I finally went into an art museum that we'd planned to visit for some time. We went inside, paid our money and wandered into a gallery. At this point, it was as if I had entered an alternate dimension. Every surface moved and shifted and as I walked into the gallery it was as if I was walking into a liquid room. 

First, we stood in front of some 300-400 year old Italian drawings done in an intricate crosshatching pattern. They came alive on paper and suddenly shapes hidden within the crosshatching were apparent. The arms of the figures moved as did the heads. It was bizarre and striking. The intensity and passion of the drawings were much more easily felt. I suddenly realized that the intricate style of crosshatching displayed was, sadly, a lost art. 

We walked over to a series of woodcuts done by a Japanese artist who captured the ocean's waves almost perfectly. It was hard to tell for a while that the woodcuts were not pictures. Interestingly, these waves did not move or undulate as the Italian paintings did. 

Next up were psychedelic stripes and patterns drawn in a large scale on the walls of a particular gallery. I was entranced and mesmerized by the lines, which took on a three-dimensional quality and lured me almost face first into the wall.

By the time we had seen all of that, we found that the museum security was watching us and had even sent an undercover officer to spy on us. I'm sure that we seemed strange. My friend's nose has a tendency to sweat while he's on acid, and both of our pupils were dilated. 

We left quickly and went back out into the streets to take a bus to the beach. More than ever before, the city seemed like a large cage with nowhere to go without people. People and their presence was restricting and maddening.

The next four hours or so were spent having conversations on a long beachfront walk. I found out many things- that the universe makes no sense. That life is meaningless. That trees and people and animals and everything follow a unique fractal pattern. That people's personalities and facades are empty. That life revolves entirely around the sun. That humans follow a much more basic primordial clock than we'd like to admit. That math is an expression of innate characteristics of the universe. That the physical universe is the only universe. That our entire thought processes, actions, and lives are governed by physical properties. 

I saw gorgeous intricate fractal patterns in almost every tree and when I looked at any smooth surface several winding and weaving fractal patterns appeared. It was spectacular. The sunset, rich with purples, pinks, and blues, looked almost like a cotton candy sculpture.

It took a while to come down from our highs, but the come down was still visually rich and I continued seeing patterns and shape shifting until about 9 hours after ingestion. LSD stimulates frontal lobe activity very much so I found sleep difficult until about 4:00 in the morning, when I finally realized that I hadn't eaten or drank all day and was probably still awake because my body was searching for food and water.

All in all, a great trip.