I'll start off with some background info. This experience took place in the summer of 2007. I was 17 years old and had done mushrooms 2 times before this night and I thoroughly enjoyed them.

It was a Friday night that started off like most of my Friday nights. I was sitting at work with my buddy 'J' trying to figure out what the plans were for the night. We decided we would try to get a hold of some mushrooms and do them with our friend 'K'. It would be K's first time and the 3rd time for J and I. I got off work at 10 and we met up with a dealer I know.

We meet up with the dealer and he tells us he needs a ride to his house to get the mushrooms. We give him a ride and he was very thankful so he gave us 15 grams for 40 dollars. The usual price for a half ounce around my area would be about 65-75 dollars. I assumed the mushrooms wouldn't be too great considering how much he gave us for so cheap. I was very wrong. 

##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

We got to my place at around 11 and my parents were out for the night which was definitely a good thing. J and I ate roughly half the bag each while K ate one small stem and cap. It would have been a smart idea to consider the amount we were eating because J and I had only eaten 2.5 grams in the past. K found it very hard to eat his share so we ground it up and he ate it in pudding. 

After we ate the mushrooms we went outside of my house to ride my longboard around. Probably 15 minutes after eating the mushrooms I started to notice the effects. I thought this was very strange as it usually takes around 45 minutes for me to feel anything at all.

We walked around for a bit and I really started to feel high. I asked J if he was feeling the same and he said yes. I then started to get this weird feeling like a piece of me was missing. It was really indescribable but I felt like I needed to be doing something to make me feel complete. I couldn't figure out what it was at all and J was experiencing the same thing. We decided to go inside because we were getting very anxious. K was not really feeling anything at all.

I started to get really anxious and confused. I didn't know what the hell I should be doing so I decided I would just lay in my bed and stare at the roof. I started to see the most complex geometric patterns all over my roof just flying around at high speeds. I told K about it and he said I was being really weird. He decided to go  home and J and I decided to go to sleep. 

I fell asleep pretty fast and then woke up about half hour later drenched in sweat. I was overheated so badly so I got out of bed and tried to open my window and find some water. As soon as I opened my window I became freezing cold and scrambled to get iunder my blankets. This continued to happen for a good 30 minutes and I  was tripping out really hard thinking some very fucked up thoughts.  Finally I somehow managed to fall asleep and everything went downhill from there.  

I entered a state where my mind was running but I was unable to move my body or do anything but lay there in total confusion. I was trying to piece together what had happened that night and why I was in this fucked up state. I came up with a theory that mushrooms were the whole base of our existence and that one day everyone would realize that mushrooms were the answer to everything. I was really starting to sketch myself out and I assumed I would never be myself again, I would just be stuck in this mushrooms dimension of confused thought. 

Sometime after this I started to get more and more confused until the point that I had no idea who I was or what anything was. I remember I kept reciting the names of my 2 friends, the name of the dealer we had purchased the mushrooms from and the word 'mushrooms'   over and over again I repeated these words in my head. I was stuck in a thought loop of total confusion. After I realized I couldn't figure it out and the thought loop finally stopped I remember I kept on thinking 'fuck it'. I was no longer going to worry about what was happening I was just going to lay there and let it happen. I finally came out of this crazy mushroom trance and woke up at about 4:30. I was still very high and i tried to put some clothes on. I found the most random clothes around my room and put them all on totally wrong. I tried to log onto my computer but I couldn't figure out the password, nor could I figure out how to work it at all.

I left my room and walked into my living room where J was lying there staring at me. He told me he thought he died and I told him the same thing. I went into the bathroom and decided to look in the mirror. That was a bad idea considering what I saw staring back at me scared me a whole lot. I can't even remember what I saw in the mirror that night but I do remember it being one of the scariest things I've ever seen.

I went back to sleep and woke up at 9:00 am the next morning feeling very refreshed and very happy that the number on my clock were no longer morphing into very psychedelic shapes and sizes.

I woke J up and we went into my backyard to smoke the 2 joints we had left over. We discussed our crazy night and had a good laugh about the whole experience. 

Though it was a very terrifying experience I can look back on it now and laugh because it was rather interesting. I just realize now the extreme importance of setting and mindset. And also the importance of slowly increasing the amount of substance one takes each use rather than eating the whole bag!