Two of my friends, Jer and Audra, and I decided to have some fun and take some ecstasy pills. When I arrived at Audra's house, Jer was already there. I had already had two beers when I arrived and my friends had had nothing. I arrived at 9pm. We began the night by walking to a playground and we all took 3 pills of ecstasy each on our walk there. 

It was about 9:30pm when the effects of the ecstasy pills started kicking in. It was when we got there that my friends and I ran to the swing set and began swinging as high as it would allow us to go. When I jumped off the swing set, several minutes after Audra and Jer had, I landed on my feet and sat on a bench with Audra. That is when I began to twitch and move suddenly uncontrollably, mostly in my neck and arms. The rest of my body just felt like it was vibrating and I strongly remember the vibrating sensation throughout my body. Audra had similar effects as me, but she did not twitch as badly. Jer was a heavy user and dealer, and he was more relaxed than both of us. 

The twitching and vibrating sensation went on for about an hour. I can clearly remember every muscle in my body being tight and I felt very tense; the way my muscles would normally feel when watching a horror movie when it is building up to the main event in the movie. I then decided to go on the swings again while my friends climbed on the slides and equipment.  It was about 9:45pm now, and as I was swinging as high as I could go again. When I jumped off the swings, and I landed on my feet, my surroundings suddenly went in and out of focus quickly and my head hurt a lot for that split second that everything went out of focus and it was as though a strong migraine had just came and went in the blink of an eye. 

At about 9:50pm, my friends and I began to walk back to Audra's house. The walk didn't seem nearly as long as it had on the way there and I repeatedly dropped my cell phone on the ground. Had I been sober, I would have cared about the scratches and marks on my new phone, but being high, I simply was not concerned about it. On our walk home, I realized that I was talking through my teeth and that my cheeks were bleeding, because I kept strongly clenching my teeth. I began chewing gum and it helped a bit, because I was no longer biting my cheek or grinding my teeth. I also noticed that when my friends grabbed my arm or tapped my shoulder, it took me a while to process that someone was in fact touching me. We all took three more pills on the walk home each. 

Our conversations seemed really deep and intense and like I just understood completely everything they were trying to tell and describe to me. I felt much closer to both my friends and really seemed to appreciate them more. When we arrived at Audra's home, we went into the basement and began to play techno music loudly. This seemed to make my trip even better. I just wanted to dance to the beat and dancing just felt so good. Normally, I am not the type to dance or act in front of others. But I simply did not care what anyone thought of me or my dancing. This was about 10:15pm now. I danced for about 20 minutes straight, before feeling extremely dizzy. I sat on the ground and told Audra I needed a glass of water immediately. She brought back the water and as I drank it, I could feel it passing through my body into my stomach. It was a relaxing and cooling sensation inside me. I sat staring at the speakers that were blasting loud techno music at me. My eyes were wide open and I remember bright green, almost laser looking lines coming at me. I sat in amazement. 

I remember having several other open-eyed hallucinations, but I can not remember them. I then had a strong urge to hug my friends and just feel close to them. It was all I wanted and felt as though it would complete me if I could just hug them. Jer and I hugged for about 10 minutes on the couch while Audra danced to the music with a cup of water that she was spilling everywhere on the floor in front of us. We then turned down the music a bit so that we could hear each other talk while we sat on the floor with a bunch of blankets and pillows. I was rolling around in a blanket on the floor, rolling and unrolling myself in the blanket. I must have done this at least 20 times, and all the time, still talking with my friends. None of us thought this to be odd at the time, nor did anyone say anything about me rolling around on the floor with blankets. When I closed my eyes, I can't describe it, other than everything that I saw just being so real and intense. I would actually loose my grip on reality and feel almost as though I was loosing consciousness. I can't remember what hallucinations I had, all I remember is them being great and just thinking "oh my god, this is awesome" when I came back into 'consciousness' and reality. 

Even with my eyes wide open and sitting up straight, I still had vivid and very real hallucinations. I remember yelling out "Chad! Don't drive my mom's van!" at one point. Chad was not even with us, nor had we even discussed him at all that night. Yelling this caused me to give my head a shake and once again come into reality with both my friends staring at me looking shocked. I had countless hallucinations and when we started coming down, we smoked some cannabis in a pipe for a bit, before taking 3 more pills each. It was about midnight when I took my last three pills. After taking those last three pills, I began to feel nauseous and I think it was because of the cannabis we had smoked minutes before taking the last three pills. I laid back and rolled over and told my friends I was not feeling good. Jer carried me to the bathroom where I spit a lot into the garbage, but did not vomit. I then remember having quite a bit of difficulty walking back from the bathroom to the couch, falling a few times, and banging into furniture and things on my way to the couch. I chewed a full pack of gum to myself that night and made several bite marks on the edge of my friend's coffee table. At the time, it seemed like a great idea and felt so good and fulfilling to chew on the wood. We stayed up till about 2am dancing to the techno music, talking, and drinking cup after cup of water.

 When I woke up the morning after at about noon, my friends were watching TV, and both Audra and I had hangovers and sore backs. It was difficult to stand up and move my back for a few hours after I woke up, and my back was just sore for the next two days. Jer had a slight hangover that went away that same day, but he was a heavy user of MDMA and it didn't affect him as strongly as it did for Audra and me. Overall; I did enjoy my experience, and would probably do it again. Although, it is not something that I would want to do on a daily basis or very often at all; because of the hangover and sore back. However, I do think that the experience is worth the money and would gladly pay for this drug again in hopes of the same experience in the future.