First Hallucinogenic Experience

After several stressful exams, I finally had a break.  After the final exam, I took a bus to a nearby university, where my friends brother, a dealer, had agreed to sell me magic mushrooms.  When I got there, I bought six grams, and then me, him and his room mate smoked a joint.  I stayed there for about an hour, then took a bus home.

I went over to a friends house to stay over night.  We set up everything we would need for the night so we wouldnt need to walk up and down the stairs.  When his parents finally went to bed, we each had 3 grams.  I was really excited, and had a positive mind set going into this.

Waiting for the mushrooms to take effect, we watched some television and played halo.  About 30 minutes later, I felt this really good feeling in my stomach.  It started getting better and better, it felt as though all the worlds happiness was emanating from my stomach.

Soon, we got bored of halo, and walked over to sit on the couch.  After sitting for a while, I started licking my hands.  My friend and I found this to be hilarious, so we laughed.

Later, I went to the bathroom.  When I looked in the mirror, the hallucinations started.  My face was bending every way, becoming distorted.  I just looked at my pupils, and started laughing.  I did this for about half an hour.

When I got back, my friend was just laughing as he was squeezing a stress relief ball he had found on the floor.  When I sat down, we started talking.  We realized how evil we were.  One might think that this negative thinking would send us into a bad trip, but it didnt, we just discussed how evil humanity was in general.  I then realized that all the stuff I had just been thinking in my head, I was actually saying.

We then spoke to someone on a cell phone.  We tried to tell them what we were talking about before.  When the call was over, I took my hand of the cellphone, and I was shocked to see it drop on my chair.  I had assumed that I was simply able to communicate with people with my mind, I was mildly annoyed to discover that I was bound to technology for communication.

For the remainder of the night, my friend and I just talked.  I repeatedly just put my hand in my mouth and moving my fingers around.  It felt funny.  Many times throughout the night, I experienced synesthesia.

After about 6 hours of tripping, we fell asleep.  The next day, we discussed what we had each learned from the trip.  We both discovered that we had been hoping too much for hallucinations, ie, the wall to melt, stuff breathing, etc.  That was why that never happened, the mushrooms wanted to teach us that we were too superficial, and that we were evil because we didn't think about the spiritual implications of it.  

Overall, it was a very good experience.