My First High

I am a 17 year old male, 6'1 roughly 155 pounds and a quite experienced marijuana user. However, I will be sharing my first marijuana experience.

I grew up learning that all drugs are bad and 'if you are offered any, just say no'. I had attended private schools from pre-school all the way up to 8th grade so I had never really been pressured to try any type of mind altering substance (since private school kids are generally all the same). It wasn't until I reached my freshman year of high school that I experienced the real world. I was completely ingnorant when it came to marijuana or any other drug. About 3 months into my freshman year, I was offered marijuana for the first time. I was in my science class working on a lab with my lab partner who happened to smoke on a regular basis. Holding a bag of pot in his hand, he told me that he would give me a 10 sac for half price. I didn't really understand what he meant, I just knew that he was trying to sell me marijuana and of course, I said no.

As the school year progressed, I had been acquainted with a large number of peers who smoked marijuana, they were all generally very nice and they weren't all up tight and conservative like the people at the private school I had previously attended and that was very appealing to me. I became more and more curious about smoking but I just couldn't bring myself to do it because of they way I was brought up (anti-marijuana propaganda being thrown at me).

By the time I reached my sophomore year of high school, I had a somewhat large amount of friends who smoked pot. I would frequently be around them when they were stoned and it was very humerous and entertaining for me. By that time, I had developed a desire to try marijuana. My first opportunity came when I was in my history class, It was sometime in October of 2006. I was seated next to a kid who smoked on a regular basis. I had told him that I wanted to try smoking pot. That's when he pulled out a 10 sac and told me that I could have it for free because it was my first time. I happily accepted it and I was very excited that I was finally going to smoke pot for the first time.

When the weekend came, I invited my friend, (I'll call him 'T') who was an experienced marijuana user, over to my house. I told him that I had a bag of weed and that I wanted to smoke it with him. He was very happy to hear me say that. He had wanted me to try it for quite some time. I knew that we were going to be at the house alone for a while so I didn't worry too much about getting caught. 

He pulled out his pipe that he always carried with him. I gave him the bag and he packed the first bowl. I couldn't wait to experience my first high. When he finished packing the bowl he looked at me and said, 'You get greens.' I assumed that meant I got to take the first hit. So he handed me the pipe and lit the bowl for me. I had seen my friends smoke out of pipes before so I thought I had the general idea down so I covered the carb, put my mouth on the piece, he lit the weed and I inhaled my first hit of marijuana. As I was taking the hit, he told me to hold it in for a while, so I did. When I felt like I couldn't hold it in anymore, I let it out and started coughing like a motherfucker. We cleared that bowl and T suggested that we pack another one. I wasn't feeling anything at the time so I agreed to pack one more. We cleared that bowl. I still wasn't feeling much of anything, just kind of a relaxed feeling. T and I decided to go for a walk down the street. As I was walking, I was wondering if the weed worked and I started to become kind of doubtful of it. I looked at T and told him that I wasn't feeling anything. 

About five seconds after that, it hit me. I felt a rush from my head to my toes and my vision changed, everything looked sort of animated and better than usual, trees looked more green, the flowers in the neighborhood were very colorful and radiant, I felt like I was dreaming. That's when I looked at T and said, 'Dude, I'm pretty sure I'm stoned.' He just looked back at me and started laughing uncontrollably, I started to do the same. We were laughing for a good 3-5 minutes without even saying a word (except maybe 'dude'). I wasn't sure exactly what I was experiencing, I just knew that I liked it.

When we finally stopped laughing, we decided that we would go back to my house and hangout. The walk back was very pleasent, I noticed every single thing there was to notice: the shapes of the clouds, the lines on the sidewalk, the bushes and trees. I couldn't even really feel my self walk, it felt more like I was gliding. The only unpleasant thing I noticed was my cotton mouth, which wasn't a big deal at all compared to all the things I was loving about the high. We got back to my house and went in my room. I had a practically new pair of shoes that I didn't really wear. I picked them up and looked a  T and said, 'Here dude, you can have these shoes if you want.' He just laughed and said, 'No, it's ok, you'll regret it when you're sober.' I though he was probably right so I just said 'ok'. I turned on my tv and we sat down on my couch. That's when I decided I would listen to some music. That was probably the best decision I had ever made, it sounded so amazing. I looked at T and said 'Duuude, eargasm.' (I still use that term to this day) After about 30 minutes, I started to become tired and sober. I realized that I just had possibly the best experience in my life and I was angry at myself for being so ignorant before.

Being high is a very rewarding and beneficial experience.