Aright lets get started. I'm a guy, 15 years old, in 9th grade. Im about 6ft 1 in tall and 185 pounds. I am at a very dark time in my life. I hate the world and almost everyone that lives on it. I am a very smart person though, even though I hate school. I still get straight A's. The first time I tried weed was only a few days ago. Well actually the first time a got high was a few days ago. 

I actually had smoked weed 3 times before I got high. The first time I used a pipe and really felt absolutely nothing.I was sooooooo disappointed. I felt jealous that all my friends could get totally blasted and I couldn't even get buzzed. I think that I may have not gotten high because I smoked by myself and not with friends.

The second time I used weed I smoked it in a joint. Again I was by myself. I only felt a slight buzz that really wasn't worth the effort or the risk of getting caught. I actually almost decided to never try weed again because at the time I felt that I was just wasting my time.

The 3rd times the charm. Amazing. This time I decided that I was going to get high. Here's how it started. My friend pat called my up and said 'yo man u wanna smoke.' I almost said no but could not resist the chance to get high. So I walked up to his house. His parents wouldn't be home for a few hours and it really didn't matter when they got home because Pat is a major stoner and they know and don't really care. It was a very comfortable environment.

That I believe is the most important detail to getting high successfully for me. And having another person to smoke with is important. I really cant describe it but I felt a real connection with Pat while high. Upon entering his house he had 2 previously rolled joints ready for smoking. We both liked to use tea out of a bag just to assist in the burning of weed. So we went out on the porch and lit em up. This was some pretty strong shit. I had the whole thing smoked in about 10 minutes. About 10 more minutes later it hit me. Boom!!!!!!! And believe it or not the greatest and most pleasureable feeling was in my legs. Ha. It was like there were currents of electricity running up and down my legs. It made me laugh so hard that I could not breathe after a few minutes.

Pat was amused at finally seeing his friend get high. He was only slightly buzzed being a daily pot smoker. So we preceded up to his room. He had prepared music, food, and drinks in preperation. I sat down on his incredibly comfortable couch. The Dark Side Of the Moon was the greatest sounding thing I ever heard. I sort of started to drift off away from my body and forget who I was. I was having hallucinations that I was the music somehow. Amazing. I don't really know how to describe it. I simply was the music. I could feel every note and every beat in my head. I was detached from my body totally immersed in the music. I never experienced anything more beautiful than music while under the influence of pot. After the album was over I came back to my senses.

I began working on a painting with Pat and we created the most beautiful work of art I have ever made. Then we ate 3 bags of cheezeits and drank 6 cans of pepsi. Everything just tasted so good. Then we went downstairs and I began to play the piano. I am a rather accomplished painist and have played for nearly 10 years. The music flowed out of the tips of my fingers. It was like I was moving really slowly but could think really fast and play things that were previously beyond my ability. It was so beautiful. While I was playing pats dad walked in and listened to my concert for nearly 1/2 hour. He was truely amazed at my ability. I talked to him for a while and maintained total control of my speech and everything. I dont think he even expected that I was high. one thing that i really like about marijuana is that i can totally let loose but if i need to i can totally regain my poise. By this time I was starting to come down. So I said bye to Pat and walked home. i ate dinner with my parents and  went to my room and played some more piano. By this time I was mostly sober and I actually felt kind of stupid. Sort of dull or foggy. but it was gone the next day.

Overall my first experience with marijuana was great. I had no bad effects and was sooo happy I did it. I really think that this drug will helps my dreams of becoming a professional pianist because of the way I play while on it.