##EROWID_NOTE:LACED_CANNABIS##

Last night I smoked some weed laced with, I didnt know at the time, PCP. This bong was crazy it costed well over 400 dollars and all I needed was one hit to send me flying around. I started to get a little confused/shocked feeling in about five minutes but the real effects didnt set in until about 15 minutes later. Normally I am a fun, giggly, talkative person when I am high but this was much different and I knew right away this wasnt just any weed. 

Sumblime was playing and it felt as if the room was swaying to the music and it wouldnt stop, almost like being drunk but in a weird way. I also found that during this time my throat was hurting intensely, it felt so dry but no matter what I would drink I could NOT quench it. I remember describing to my friend that my throat kept 'going up in the back all tight.' I think that I must have been clenching it or something I have no idea.

I spent a lot of time last night trying to sort myself out, trying to come down a little and figure out if I was acting weird and what my body was doing. But only after my friend pointed it out I realized my whole entire body was shaking and my feet felt like they were in small pools of water. (Now that I think back on it I might have been cold but I remember feeling hot.) I then convinced myself that my foot was asleep and thats why I was feeling so out of it and I kept telling my friends ' I figured it out, I figured it all out.' My body felt extremely disconnected, which made me feel a little bit stupid because I couldn't really control myself. 

Then about 30 minutes into it I felt drenched, I thought someone poured water on me but I wasnt sweating or anything. Then I sit up straighter and realized that everything looked so weird, I felt like we were in some sort of production like a music video. Then I got scared that everyone was judging me and thought I was the only fucked up one, I kept asking if anyone else hit the bong. I no longer felt in place, I felt outcasted and started to worry about every little move I made, I didnt want to look stupid. Then all of the sudden I just decided that I needed to cheer myself up so I said 'guys we have to think positively you shouldnt care what people think about you' apparently it was a really random statement because everybody got a real laugh but it really helped my trip get better.

After I started to settle myself down all I could think about was birthday cake, I had a bad craving to go to the grocery store and just explore but I had to go home. When I got up I felt a huge head rush because I hadn't gotten up that whole time and I felt extremely uncoordinated like I was drunk. 

Overall it was a pretty interesting experience that lasted intensely for about 5 hours but I still feel some effects today and last night I didnt sleep at all, or maybe I did. It was weird I couldnt tell if I was sleeping or awake and it didnt help that I went home alone. 

Today, I feel a little strange almost like I'm just at the very very end of a normal high. Groggy, incoordinated and a little awkward. And I can honestly say that I do not know how I got home but that my friend drove.