I am absolutely amazed at what has happened to me. I ordered 200 grams of mimosa hostilis root bark from a reputable vendor... I let I sit for a while on my desk before deciding I was finally ready to do the extraction. I followed a method that produced about 8 doses from the 200 grams of bark... I wouldn't consider that bad. It was very white and fine.. Almost like a crystalline powder. I couldn't wait to try it out. I dimmed my lights and laid down on my special place on the floor. I have a mattress laying out specifically for when tripping becomes intense. I filled my small water bong with WARM water as I didn't want the DMT to re-condense before inhalation. I put a small negligible  amount of marijuana in the bowl.. Just enough for the powder to not fall through. I took a hit... And nothing. I was very disappointed but then realized the powder was so fine it had been suck straight through. This time I filled my bowl with a pinch of wormwood as it wouldnt pull through as easily. I added the powder on top once again. This time I held  the lighter slightly away from the crystals. I drew slowly and the crystals began to melt and vaporize then just as all the crystals were melted I lowered the lighter onto the wormwood so I mad sure everything was burned. I pulled the slide and took a huge hit... 

The effects were immediate. I knew to hold m breath as long as possible but I have no idea if I did. I got a tingle all down my shoulders and back... Painful for a split second but then my mind was ripped from my body. I was unaware of my body or anything in the room. For all I knew I wasn't breathing, moving, I was unaware of even sight being physically real. The only thing that existed in my world were flying colors and patterns. I was in from of an army of people all of whom were at my command. I ordered an attack and a battle waged on... I believed every second of this battle was life or death. Then the battle was over I was stained in blood but looked at the glory all around me. Then I felt my breathing again. It was the first sign I had a physically body since the tingle in my shoulders in the very beginning. Then I could feel the rest of my body... I began to see the reality around me. For another minute my visuals were quite like tripping on mushrooms. And then... It was over. Only 13 minutes had gone by. I stood up feeling like my brain had just been assaulted but not in a bad way. It was if I had just reached the pinnacle of human existence and then it was all ripped away. Within 20 minutes of my experience I felt completely normal in all physical ways. The lingering after effects. Only the knowledge I had gained lingered with me.

Anyone underestimating what this drug can do is a fool. If one respects DM, one will be a much wiser individual. It was awe inspiring and mind blowing