I have tried to explain to my friends before what I went through and it is hard to put into words, so this doesn't do complete justice, but it is the best I can do.

I was up in Missoula Montana for thanksgiving at a friend's house. It was an interesting trip. Nevertheless, one party at the house made it all the more interesting. People started smoking pot and on impulse, I figured I would try a bit of it. Thinking that I didn't want that much of a reaction, I only had a few hits off the bubbler. Afterwards I nearly hacked up a lung because of my sensitivity to smoke. Everyone else around me started to feel the effects while I didn't really feel anything. 

I didn't really know anyone at the party and being of the introverted type; I just sat in my chair and listened on. A few people asked me if I was feeling anything yet, and I replied I didn't notice a difference. Soon after that though I did, things just seemed off. I completely lost the will to talk. I replied to everyone's sentences in my head. That's when it got weird. I started to feel lingering physical sensations. If I were to poke part of my arm, I would feel like it would pulse where I pushed it several times. I was also had a hat on, which I could feel "pulsing" at a regular rate with all the other sensations I had. This kept intensifying. 

I said to a few people I wanted my music, so they got it for me. I put on my favorite song by Laika and began to listen. It sounded really different, I could still recognize it. However, different instruments were amplified. It was bizarre and very disorienting. When I closed my eyes, it felt like everything began to move in erratic directions, and I was getting very rapid visualizations in my head. I would randomly think of something, and I would zoom in on this and it would flow to the next thing with in seconds and just keep going. I was feeling anxious. 

When I stood up I felt really dizzy, but I knew this was all in my head and could still walk. I went to my room to lie on my bed away from everyone. As I lied there, the physical sensations got even stronger. It felt like everything was moving (mostly the stuff I was lying on and myself) in a semi circle motion at 4 cycles a second. I tried to ignore it but it would not go away. I was very out of it and just wanted to go to sleep at this point, switching to Boards of Canada to try to zone out enough to drift off didn't help. My mind kept drifting to many different images like those that I said earlier. Eventually I fell asleep although I don't remember, and I did not sleep well. 

The day after I reflected on it and realized I did not like what I experienced. However, weeks later I realized I did like it. I want to experience that again. It was so different, albeit disorienting. I will defiantly smoke again. People keep telling me though that I'm hypersensitive though because all I had was two hits and it did this much. So I'm hesitant to use a lot. I can only imagine what harder drugs would do to me.