Just wanted to share my story, since I haven't ever heard of this kind of thing happening before, nor my friends. My friend D has been in the cannabis game for quite a while, tried most every drug out there (or so he says). He's in his 40s, so I trust him. He made some hash, and gave some to me, guaranteeing me that it's the good stuff (finest screen, I think).

About 2 weeks later, my friend A and his girlfriend come over, and we just hang out. I asked A if he wanted to smoke some of this 'good hash' with me, and he agreed; he even had a bong with him. We loaded the bowl with a nice little bud, and about a pea-sized amount of hash on top. He takes a medium-sized hit, after which he comments on how the hash is bubbling, and how that means it's good (no idea, not really used to hash). After seeing him take that hit, I knew it was my turn...

I take the bong, light the lighter, and take the biggest bong hit of my life. About halfway through, the hash caught on fire. I tried to tell my friend while I was taking the hit, but he wasn't paying attention, so I just kept sucking and poking him.

Approximately 30 seconds later, I feel my bronchial tubes constrict, and I start coughing. I manage to tell my friend that it feels like an asthma attack (never had one, just guessing), then run to the bathroom, where I cough/puke (just a little puke) into the toilet. After I puke, I'm feeling a little better, so I come back out. At this point, it's been about 3 minutes since I took the hit, and I can already tell that it's going to be a rough ride. It feels as if I've got solid cylinders of static protruding from my ears infinitely out (best I can do to explain it). My brain feels like it's boiling, I can't really talk, walk, or even balance that great. I'm sweating like I've just run 5 miles in the desert, literally sweat rolling down my face, fever/chills type of thing. I also start seeing LSD type hallucinations. My friend asks if I wanted to watch something (a movie), and I replied 'Dude, I AM watching something!', to which we both laughed.

My neighbor M (I live in an apartment building) knocked on my door, and asked me to step into the hallway. This neighbor is kind of a scary guy, and I'm about half as big as him, so I'm a little nervous. I remember him asking me for a favor, and the next thing I know, I'm on the floor, convulsing. My vision is gone at this point, and when my brain figures out how to interpret sight again, I find M's face right in front of mine, telling me to keep my tongue in my mouth so I don't bite it off. The seizure stops, and he asks what to do.

I tell him that he's got to carry me back to my apartment, where my friends are waiting. M tells me that he's worried about me, but I tell M that I've got trip sitters, so don't even worry (I think he was a little drunk that night). So, A sits me in a chair, where I sit for approximately an hour (felt like 5 minutes to me). All of a sudden, I feel my stomach go into reverse peristalsis, and I experienced some projectile vomiting, 2 separate regurgitations, spanning almost 6 feet. At this point A started cleaning up my puke (what a friend!!!), and my girlfriend S came over. S doesn't like my smoking marijuana, so I played it off like I had the flu. After this point, it gets a little hazy, but I remember laying on the floor and hallucinating things that were flourescent colors, then I woke up in my bed the next morning with a hangover.

S told me that last night, after I got up off the floor, I walked over to my rat cage, laughed and played with the rats, then stood by the bathroom door for ~10 minutes and stared at her, then went to bed.

I've only smoked weed once since then (about 2 weeks ago). I am a total lightweight when it comes to any kind of psychogenic substance (THC, alcohol, caffeine, LSD). Usually, one hit off a bud in a pipe is enough to do me for 3-4 hours. I've smoked myself green before just by taking 4-5 hits off a bud in a pipe, but nothing like this.

I know it's hard to believe, but please, believe this story! Too much of anything is dangerous...although I don't think it was dangerous for me, just really really unpleasant. I can't think of what might have happened if I didn't have A there to help me through this experience! Thanks, A!