I was not a happy person. I would rarely if ever smile and if I did it would be for a very short time. Then I started smoking weed and it was good for a while. Then I realized that weed only numbs pain and puts problems out of mind for a bit. It does nothing to actually solve them. 
Then I was assigned a research project on hallucinogens for a psychology class. I did extensive research on LSD, marijuana, shrooms, and ecstasy. I finally decided to try something else and through a friend I received one pill of ecstasy. I looked online and other pills like were tested to be pure. 
On the last st. Patrick's day I took the pill this is my experience:

Prior to taking my dose I changed to the most comfortable clothes I could. I took a large amount of vitamin C and told my brother what I am doing. 

6:20_told my mom I wanted the basement for some alone time. Took half the pill. 

7:30_still nothing, took other half

8:00-9:00_kinda fall asleep. At 9 little brother wakes me up and I realize that its hitting. This is most obvious when I find a grand grin on my face for absolutely no reason. I look at my eyes and they are fully dialated. My brother decided to screw with me a bit and punched and slapped a bit. Normally I would immediately retaliate violently, however I did nothing. I felt that any sort of hostility would have no effect so I did nothing. 

10:00_This is the highest point of my life. I AM HAPPY!! I see absolutely no reason not to be. I called two people and had wonderful conversation during each. 

During the next two hours I switched between listening to music, raving with my personal strobe light, and rubbing my arms together. I thought about my experience with people, who I am as a person, and the unifying reason why I am normally not a happy person. I realized that I am afraid of getting close to anyone, and often choose hostility instead of being nice.

12:30_ I had come down quite a bit and finally felt tired enough to fall asleep. 

That night changed my life not only for me for for the other people around me. They noticed that I smile more. I have continued to feel happy for several days after. Even while I was driving the next day I was more compassionate to rude drivers.  I did not feel any sort of hangover though I was a little physically tired.