Me and my friend J and his girlfriend C were chilling out when they got some money wanted some pot. I said sure and hooked them up. My dealer told me he also had some REALLY good shrooms for sale. I told him I had no money and grabbed our bag of pot and left. We smoked a couple bowls when my friend Dorian called me up and said he had some cash. I told him my dealer had some mushies and pot and he said he wanted to buy some. So me Dorian,j,and c went and picked up the mushrooms. We bought 2 doses cause J and C werent having any. This was my second time tripping. My first time I took 1.0 and was perfectly fine. This time. I was tripping out to the max.

Me and Dorian were in my car right down the road from his house. His parents were still up so we were waiting for them to go to bed. We had eaten the shrooms about an hour ago and smoked a few bowls over the course. I was tripping a little but not much. The worst thing that could have happened happened. His parents called him and were pissed off that he didnt rake the yard yet. He had completely forgotten about it. Scared as hell we pull up to his house. We didnt know what to do. He brought me into his room and I layed on his bed. He said it wouldent take him more than 30 mins to rake the yard. I sat there and then it really hit me. He had a digital clock that shined on his ceiling. I have no concept of time and the clock was jumping around going from 8:45 to 10:15 to 3:00 and I just laid there watching it. I also kept getting txts from my dad asking were I was over and over. I had to have gotten about 50 txts just asking were I was. No matter how I responded it just said 'Where are you?' I knew it had to be fake but it was still creepy as fuck cause I was tripping out. I was thinking about the weirdest things like 'what if that is the actual time on the ceiling and I'm running around the neighborhood causing mayham?'

About this time his mom comes in the room and asked if I wanted some pizza I mumbled no but it came out more as a meh. She understood I guess and left the room. One thing you should know about this family is there very very anti drug. After she left I could here his parents talking. His dad was on the phone saying stuff like 'I HAVE NO IDEA WHATS GOING ON! HE WANTS TO PAINT THE WALLS YELLOW! I HAVE NO CLUE HE WANTS ME TO MAKE A THING CALLED DIJORNE! DORIAN I HAVE COOKED IT 8 FUCKING TIMES I CANT GET IT PERFECT!' I could also hear his little brother and sister running up and down the hallway screaming at the top of there lungs 'I'm SHROOMING I'm SHROOMING!!!' about this time I was thinking shit...were caught. So many thoughts were running through my head now 'what if his parents kill me for corrupting there child or something, what if the cops come and arrest me? What if I have to go to the hospital? My parents wont be mad but they will be pissed about the hospital bill!' then they just stoped. All the thoughts did. I started looking at the tv in his room and it turned on to show a triangle that eventually started changing into other shapes. It was very colorful and intrigued me alot. Eventually it got boring so I started looking around the room. His walls were changing color so I stared at them. I didnt know were Dorian was but his parents were sure yelling at him allot. Then I thoght 'why arent they getting me and asking me what happend? Maybe they did but I dont remember it. Then the shrooms kicked in harder.

I just stared at the cieling at the clock that kept changing time a bunch. Then I couldent move. At this point I was very afraid. I didnt know what happend. Why couldent I move? A few minutes, hours, whatever, I had no concept of time whatsoever then Dorian came in the room. He was like 'Oh my god I cant believe I pulled it off' I could still hear his parents yelling about him. And I thought to myself 'WTF are you talking about. I can hear your parents talking about you tripping.' I wanted to say 'what happened?' but I couldn't. My mind was a mess, so many thoughts. I was afraid they had called the police. Eventually because I couldn't talk I thought I had died. This is when I got really scared. I could still move but I couldn't talk. The one thing that kept going through my head. 'Wow, I have let down so many people just because I took some mushrooms. How pathetic. I am a idiot.' This went on for awhile. I kept thinking 'this is what the after life is like?' I eventually stoped caring I was 'dead' and I just enjoyed the visuals.

I had no concept of time I thought I had been tripping for days. I forgot what happend after that. The thing I remember is dorian pulling me up to my feet. I also wanted to get up but was unable to help the effort. I still couldent talk. I couldent remeber how too. Eventually I was on my feet stumbling. I remember looking at dorian and how his face just amazed me for some reason so I went in for a closer look. I got my face right up into his and just looked at his face from every angle. After that I no longer wanted to stand so I laid on the ground. I once again passed out or something cause I dont remeber what happend. The next thing I knew dorian was on the phone with someone. I wanted to ask who he was talking to but I couldent talk.In my head I'm thinking 'mabye I am actually dead.' I thought he was an idiot cause he was talking to someone while he was tripping. Then I actually listened to his conversation. I remember him saying things like 'I dunno he just WONT talk to me. I dunno he is just looking around the room.' I realized he was talking about me, but to who? Then he gave me the phone saying its 'matt' I couldn't think of a matt off the top of my head. I picked up the phone and said 'hello?' I'm thinking 'OMG I TALKED!' he said 'Whats up I just got a new video game dude!' I didnt recognize the voice and I really couldn't put the words together to get the meaning. So I dropped my phone to the ground. I once again blacked out or something. I awoke on his floor wondering what the hell just happened. My thoughts were jumbled and I tried to figure out what was going on. I came up with the explanation 'This room is all that exists. Nothing else exists. It is just me and dorian and this room.' At the time, it seemed very logical. I Thought we had been tripping for days. I looked around for awhile tripping out on the stupidist shit. I blacked out again. When I awoke I was in his bowl shaped chair. Scooby Doo was on the tv so I watched it. Unable to comprehend what was happening I stopped watching. I just stared at things. They moved and changed colors so it was interesting.

Dorian tried talking to me again and surprisingly I was able to say what. And that was all. I couldn't talk again. This went on for the rest of the night untill I fell asleep and awoke the next morning. I talked to Dorian about what happend. I told him what happened when I was in his room alone and he told me 'Dude, I was outside for like 10 minutes, my parents werent yelling about me they were watching tv with the kids.' I was shocked. He also told me about stuff I did that I dont even remember. I Apparently grabbed his ear and tried to rip it off and openend a bottle of fake whine, drank some and dumped it on the floor and just did stupid shit. I asked him why he didnt trip at all and he said he was but he needed to keep his cool cause I was tweaking. He also told me that he called matt (thats right he was talking to my dealer on my phone last night. I wonder why I couldent remember who matt was) and he was the one that calmed him down and told him everything was cool. All in all, this experience was half bad and half good. I was scared some of the time but I just adapted to my thoughts.