First Horrible Trip

I've smoked weed since I was about 16, I'm now 21. In this time I've smoked daily, to weekly, to monthly, and had huge breaks in there at times. But overall I have smoked quite a lot of weed, and consider myself to know a lot about it and have experienced a lot.

I never really needed a lot to get high, maybe half a joint or 2 cones, but on occasions I had gone through a few joints in a night, or hit 5-6 cones.

So anyway, I had hit my first cone for the night, was in a happy mood, then waited about 15 minutes for my second bong hit. Again I waited about 15 minutes or so and decided to have another.  At this point I thought yeh I'll have one more and get smashed. I only got through about half the cone and started to cough my lungs up. I rarely cough hard from smoking weed and this was definitely the worst I've coughed. I felt like I was having a full on asthma attack or something. It lasted about 5 minutes or so and then it calmed down.

I decided to put on some tv and I was really into whatever I was watching, thinking it was fantastic. After about 10 minutes of watching, I felt such a strong intense feeling just from watching the show, that I had to turn it off. It is a difficult feeling to explain but basically I couldn't handle watching tv. I turned it off and started to talk to some mates on the net. Another wave hit me. I was having lots of trouble following conversations, having to read things multiple times and just starting to freak out a bit in general.

So I laid back down on my bed and put on some comedy shows. This is when it got real bad. It was what I would call a fairly warm night, and I had my fan on just to keep me a bit cooler. I started to shake really hard, I wasn't completely sure if I was cold or if it was just some really bad twitching. I turned my fan off and got under the sheets to warm myself up. I did start to feel a bit better when I got warmer, but I was still shaking really badly. After about 5 minutes laying there watching tv, I started going into these coma like states for a few seconds and then felt myself try to snap out of it. After this happened a few times, I then realised I couldn't feel my arms and jumped out of my bed and stood up. It felt as though I had really poor circulation and no blood was going through my body. I thought I looked pale but am not sure if I really was. I tried moving around a bit to get the blood to move around but it didn't seem to help. I eventually laid upside down on my bed to get the blood to transfer to my head, which I know sounds ridiculous, but I was feeling really desperate. 

At one point I began to try and meditate and get myself out of this bad state - I've read a lot of stories where people have done this and got out of it fine, but I was unable to reduce the bad trip.

Before I started smoking I had had a shower, and my hair was still a bit wet from it. I must have turned the fan back on at some stage and it started blowing on my wet hair. While panicking about my blood circulation, this felt exactly like blood was starting to drip from my scalp and that I had caused some serious problems with my blood flow. My breathing was really really poor, it didn't feel like it was going at a steady rate, or that I had to consciously remember to breath. My heart was beating really fast out of my chest. I felt as though I had instantly deteriorated my health from this one night, and eventually started to think that I would die if I fell asleep. After a few hours, I started to pass out, and I know that I was still having breathing problems because it was actually waking me up.

Since then I have had one or two more bad trips like this but no way near as bad. I have a lot of relief reading that many others have had almost identical experiences, but I am worried this will continue to happen to me often if I smoke more. I'm really not sure if this is just a mental thing that caused my experiences, given that I've smoked many times.