SIDENOTES: My past drug use: Weed, Alcohol, tobacco, Ketamin, Mushrooms, cocaine, hydromorphone, oxycodone, lorazepam, Extacy, Codeine.

So It started off acquiring a large mass of gold cap mushrooms from a friend of mine. I tested these out a week ago and ate 1.5 grams. While listening to pink floyd I felt like I was underwater. But thats another story.

So Me and my friend (call him B) get home from school. Get down to the basement, we are both on completely empty stomachs no food in the past 3-4 hours (atleast). We eat well say 2-3grams (out of the 4 in each of our bags). Chug some juice to get it out of our molers and then depart to a forest.

30 Minutes:
About 30 minutes later walking I could see the road beside looked as if it were waving up and down a little bit. I could tell this was the start of something special.

1 Hour:
We are in the forest with other friends We'll call A, T and N. T had a few to drink and smoked too much weed and is now in the tent rolling around half conscious. A and N are drinking excessively and partying. Me and B start to think and finish the rest of our mushrooms putting us at 4 grams total.

1.5 Hour: 
For the past 30 minutes we had some fun talking to our friends and partying. B and I decided to walk off a bit and stared at things in the forest and just talked about how beautiful they were and that all these things were naturally occuring.

After that adventure which felt like hours (It was around 15 minutes) My mind shifted into a Need vs. Want mode and I was comparying everything near me to the movie 'Into the Wild' Which is about survival and not living by the standards of society.

My friend B went back and was talking to himself very loud and fast regarding science and the meaning of life. It was his 2nd doing shrooms and i was past this stage so i decided to go on a journey of my own I went and sat in an opening and discovered Dear bones. I just sat pondering society and how beautiful it would be just to live on your own in a forest like this and live off of survival.

3.5 Hours:
We had explored the forest for a good 2 and a bit hours and had our fun discussing the meaning of things. My friend B saw two of our other friends on their way to the forest so he picked up 2 bottles and clanged them together to get there attention, The 2 bottles broke and me and him broke into a fit of laughter which did not stop till the trip was over.

From now on anything we said related to one of our inside jokes which we had many and it just didnt stop.

4 Hours:
Our friend T finally got up so we left the forest to goto a local sub shop. On the way there Me and B spotted a soccer field that was just so deliciously green we had to go sit in the middle of it. It was amazing and bright. After we were tired of it we went onward to the sub shop.

4.25 Hours:
On our way to the sub shop, (now I have done shrooms many times but this has been the most intense/different trip ever) I felt like we were from back to the Future and we were from the future in the past cuz I had seen all the buildings before but they were just so different in my mind.

4.5 Hours:
We reach the sub shop, All 3 of us go inside me and B cannot stop laughing at anything and just feel ridiculous and everyone was staring at us so we just left straight up and sat outside behind the building waiting for T. NOW!!!! While we were waiting here there were this group of white kids in track suits (Yes track suits) holding bags of chewing tobacco (yes ziploc bags) and they asked us if we were blazed and stuff we just said yeah we smoked a quarter and I thought B knew them... It was the weirdest fucking incident ever and when i found out they were 100% random and none of them knew any of us I thought it was ridiculous And everything was still funny for know reason.

5 Hours:
Back to the forest we go. We were walking down this one street and one little kid who looked to be 2 yrs old waved and said hi and this was ridiculous to us. And then there was a random guy playing guitar in his driveway with 5 redneck kids with mullets surrounsding him.

5.25 Hours:
Closer to the forest, We stop on a bridge and admire the beauty and color of this river when all of a sudden a dog snuck behind us and scared us and we got into an uncontrollable laughing fit.

5.5 Hours:
We are at the top of the forest (Me, B, T) our other friend M showed up and N had magged and fallen in the river twice and lost bother her shoes. This was still ridiculously funny to me and B. When all of a sudden on a cement path behind us connected to a wooden bridge 3 dirt bikers in full sponsored dirt biking apparel drive by and me and B questioned whether it was real or not because of all the fucked up things that happened that night.

6 Hours:
For 30 seconds everything was gray/Black and White and then all of a sudden I didn't feel as stupid and everything wasn't funny and I was real again and everything was real.

This experience was ridiculous most profound, idiotic shroom trip ever. I describe it was we were babies rediscovering the world.

The entire time my mind was set on the movie 'Into the Wild' and while high if a cop tried to arrest me I would've laughed and told him he doesn't have the authority to do that. I don't allow him, I never swore under having to follow any laws I was just born.

It was about 8 o'clock at this time on a Thursday night. We went and jumped on my buddies trampoline for a bit (all of us) then went to subway, Hit a HUUUGE SESH! got more munchies and called it a night.

Hope you enjoyed reading this fucked up mess haha