The day started when my friend (code-named) Kim picked me up outside my house. We headed over to my other friend (code-named) Mac's house. Mac was the man who had organized the trip and was glad to show us the substances. He brought down a small baggy containing 1/8 of a ounce of weed, and one containing a very-light-brown powder. The curious substance was powdered to make dividing it easier. It was cubensis though, sure enough, 3/8 of it, meaning a nice 3.5 gram trip for each of us.

We decided it would be a good idea to get some food and drinks to help the taste of the shrooms, so we went shopping. We bought peanut butter, drinks, chocolate syrup, cheetos, gummi worms, gushers, and a black light. We drove home and laid out the goods, Mac screwed in the black light as I popped open my  energy drink. We all elected to mix our shares of the powder with peanut butter and chocolate syrup. It made the shroom taste disappear, and we all easily downed it. Next we decided to smoke some weed, to help stave of the nausea and make it so we could eat while tripping.

Mac thought it best to go outside to smoke, and we agreed. We made our way out to a slightly forested area, and each took two hits of marijuana from a corn cob pipe. I only really got 1 hit since I'm bad at smoking (I know, its weird). We finished up and started to walk back, with me in the lead. 

As I walked out, I noticed the grass looked different than usual, like an image whose 'saturation' had been cranked up. I felt a soft, warm feeling in the back of my head and in my eyes, and realized I was dreaming. The thing is, I wasn't dreaming, it was just the combined effects of the weed and the just-now-working cubes. I tried to focus but I wanted to stop walking, so I tried using my cellphone. No such luck, the text on the screen couldn't have been there, instead it was thoughts of mine manifesting themselves on the phone (Specifically, an old conversation I had on AIM). 'We're almost back, DJ, just keep walking.' Said Mac 'We're almost home.'

We made into Mac's living room and the shrooms started to hit hard. I remember looking at my legs and seeing loads of ticks from the woods crawling up them. I went into the bathroom and started to wash them off. Apparently I was in there for a long time, as Mac had to interrupt 'DJ, its a thought loop, there's not ticks.' he was right. We moved back to the living room. My vision started to change. Blur isn't the right word, since everything was clear. Instead, everything became dreamlike, and hard for me to now remember. It was like I was envisioning a memory, blurry but focused. Kim got some cheetos for me to try. I put one in my mouth and tasted it. Never before had I noticed the intricacies of its flavors. It tasted like first grade, salt, cheese, orange and cartoons. The room started to spin and Kim suggested Mac and I stand up and walk around. 'It's okay Kim, I think the shrooms are coming on a little stronger for me and DJ.' And they were, Kim was definitely a weight class above us and was obviously not struggling nearly as much. 'Okay, lets watch T.V. to try and focus, DJ.' Said Mac, but by then it was too late.

I could hardly understand what Mac had said. I was on my back laying on the couch, and it felt as though needled syringes were being administered to my throat. It reminded me of getting a filling, how you never knew you had nerves inside your gum until they are poked with a needle. It felt like that, but inside my throat and neck, and on the inside of my head and skull. It was painful, but shocking. I try to move, but the 'needles' seemed to come through the couch into me, and I was stuck to it. Instead I looked up at the ceiling. A rush of memories came flooding forth. The ceiling was the same style as my old house, done with a sort of sloppy plaster, created odd shapes that could become a man or a dog. I looked at the stairwell, which reminded me of my old house, and old forgotten memories of games I used to play filled my mind.

The entire time I remember seeing closed eyes visuals. They always involved squares, or pixelated art, or pixelated squares, like those used at text boxes in old Mario games. I would look at a mug and close my eyes, and there it was, as a pixelated square. (I originally wrote this a long time ago, and since then Pixels and Sprites are a frequent theme in my trips.) I tried drinking water, but the water was gone before I drank it. I remember trying to get my phone so I could take a picture. I would say something to the others, only to find my self repeating what I had said backwards, and my body contorting as to do the same motions, but backwards. Indeed, it was like someone had a scroller in the video of my existence and the were letting me say something and then replaying it backwards. I went in cycles: needles, squares, water, phone, backwards, and then I would come back to reality. 'Oh my god, ok I'm back, I need to stay here, I need to find an anchor' I would say, every time, as I would grasp to the coffee table in front of me and stare intently at the T.V. For the record, this is known as fighting the trip, and it only makes things worse. It would work for a while, I could hear and see the television clearly. But then it would all fade, Stephen Colbert would be talking to ME and the cycle would repeat. Each time I would come back, Kim and Mac would be staring at me, telling me, 'DJ, it's a cycle, you need to break out of it.' So I got up and joined Kim in the other room.

Kim was looking at the fish tank, which I thought might be entertaining. However, when I entered the room, I found it was much more than that. The pink-purple light from the tank lit the whole room that dim color. When I walked in the chaos from the other room left, and I felt clear headed again. The room seemed like one from a James Bond film, and I felt like I was in one. I was so relaxed I fell to the ground. 'Mac, DJ fell down,' Kim said. 'I'm OK!' I yelled, raising one arm while my body lay there. Mac came over and helped me up, 'Lets go watch TV.' he said 'No, dude I like this room, its nice' 'I know DJ, lets go watch Tv.' I entered the other room and tried to focus on the Colbert report, when Mac's mom called. I was scared shitless, but Mac played it cool and sounded perfectly fine. I chilled and looked at Kim, whose skin color momentarily turned blue.

At this point it was clear I was freaking out, and Kim suggested Mac and I go smoke some clove cigarettes. 'No.' I said, looking past the venitian blinds. 'Thats the edge of the world.' It sounds silly, but somehow I just knew stepping onto the porch would result in my death (Like how you 'know' things in your dreams that aren't evidenced). I probably should have, though, as I continued to freak, my phone seemed to keep rumbling and it said I had 4 missed calls (I looked later and had none). Later the phone rang again, and terror struck. 'Yes that's me.' he spoke to someone 'what? I'm sorry I can't do that. Because I am currently under the influence of mushrooms.' Holy shit, who was it? His mom again? the police?! He hung up. 'It was Dan Ren (a friend).' He said, and I took a sigh of relief. Then I noticed I had to pee, so I did.

I was on the toilet when I realized I had no perception of time. I could have been on the toilet for hours and not know it. All of a sudden I heard something outside. A woman was in distress and I could here ambulances. Holy shit, did Mac and Kim die! The woman was crying 'What happened? why did this happen!' I ran out with my pants not on to find everything was fine, it was just the air conditioning and my imagination. I laid down. Mac and I started to come down but all of a sudden I felt sick, probably because I was scared. I ended up convincing myself I needed to puke and my body threw up some water, since I had almost nothing in my stomach. I called a good friend who came to whisk me away, saying sorry for freaking the guys out.

My friend took me to a Coldstone Ice Creamery where the music was scary and warped (he tells me it really was) and everyone started to stare at me (seriously there were like 30 people). I know now they were staring because I looked like a crackhead, just standing in front, not ordering anything. Then we went to books a million and stared at the magazines, their faces melted and strange.

I went home and tried to sleep, had an odd dreamed and didn't feel right till about evening the next day...it rocked.

Since I first wrote this I've tried Mescaline, Dimenhydrinate, and  DXM. Nothing has ever come close to this 8-hour hay ride through hell. Would I do it again? Definitely. It was an educational experience despite the fact it was a bad trip.