I had never done any pyschoactives until this experience but I have done; Morphine,mostly pot, adderall.Note: I feel this dose was not enough I wasnt tripping as hard as I expected but those who babysat me said I was clearly retarded. So now it begins, I bought a chocolate that had cinnamon nutmeg and 1.5g of shrooms.  

5:30 pm: Sitting watching pirates of the carribean with my friend trying to pass time until I felt the effects overcome my body.

6:00: Legs feel very light and responsive, I could feel the blood cells in my legs bustling about. Said to my friend "I feel like an elf,so nimble and quick." Feeling quite euphoric, I jump up and walk down the hall to go to the bathroom giggling.

6:15: our dorm hallways are cinderblock much like the foundation of high school or middle school, lines on the cinderblocks start to undulate looking down the hallway. Textured carpet swarms under my feet.

6:23: travel down three floors to my friends dorm, now I am plugged into my ipod listening to "the herb garden" by Shpongle. I want to trip harder so I find an orange in his room jam my thumb through it and drink the dripping juice. This is when in the song, they talk about a shaman in the forest and these primordial thoughts sweep my mind. I am an aborigine eating an orange I found in my tribes forest. Sitting in the corner with my orange I see myself in the mirror, my pupils are gigantic I can barely see the blue rim around the pupil. My eyes start melting along with various other things in the room.  The entire room looked as if it was inhaling... then exhaling.

6:42: move to bathroom, orange was all over my shirt hands mouth. I noticed I was soaked with sweat. I crush the orange in my hands over my head letting everything drip into my mouth hoping the vitamin c is enough to multiply and enhance my trip.

6:50 I see several friends getting back from the pool, upon seeing them in the suits and noticing the various body piercings I got very curious as to what tribe they were from.  Myself looked very different from them, I liked these tribesmen. They knew what I was going through.

7:00 I decide to have a cigarette outside, I walk out sun was setting.  The wind upon my flesh was unexplainable. A cleansing, the clouds I could manipulate slightly. Everything in my peripheral vision was in waves and or melting.  

7:08: two cigarettes later I am tranced watching the wind move the grass and trees and bushes around me, my music is encompassing, others smoking are talking to me but I could not hear them. I clutch onto the pole that holds up the gazebo, I place some twigs and grass in my offering mace and light them on fire. An offering to the sky I repeated in my mind. I meet 4 other tribesmen.  The shaman gives me two more cigarettes.

8:45: this is were memories start to meld and I cant remember exactly what was going on, but I was inside again in a room eating sunflower seeds out of my offering mace.

That is the last thing I really remember clearly, all I know that is just way later I was coming down and I felt like I had been awake for years.