True MDMA

So first of all, I am a graduate student in Washington in a organic chemistry department. I am now in my 7th year and will hopefully be getting my Ph.D next year. So I have a lot of experience in synthesizing complex compounds.

As part of a research experiment, the professor whom I was studying under wanted to research the link between habitual MDMA usage and the social interactions of ferrets. So with about 3 grams of MDMA within my reach, I thought no one would notice if I helped myself to a small amount. It's been about 6 years since I have done any hard drugs so I am going to record everything as it is taking place.  I have prepared about 150mg in a capsule.

T+0:00 - I take the MDMA with 1 liter of water on an empty stomach for maximum results.

T+0:30 - Ecstasy that I had taken in the past would usually have started kicking in by now, but I am not yet feeling anything.

T+1:00 - I am still not feeling anything, I am starting to become a little skeptical.

T+1:30 - I am starting to get a little frustrated that it is not kicking in yet. I kind of feel like I drank a cup of coffee, but this was probably a placebo effect. I decide to smoke a little marijuana that I had obtained to take the edge off.

T+1:45 - Here we go, I think a little weed gave me a jump start into the roll. I put on some really good techno that I had (Infected Mushroom) to help bring up my roll.

T+2:00 - This is definitely different than street ecstasy that I have had in the past. It doesn't feel really speedy, but I feel REALLY euphoric. I was actually able to sit down on my couch and really relax. I decide to put on some really mellow instrumental music (Explosions in the Sky). I don't really feel like getting up and running around, I feel like I just want to chill.

T+2:30 - I have gotten my hookah assembled and burning. The tobacco seems to calm my thoughts but I am definitely rolling HARD. My thoughts feel very focused and clear. I swear that this is the best E that I have ever had, EVER! My god, I don't feel like I am out of control like I used to. I swear this is the happiest I have ever felt.

T+3:30 - I am still listening to the same music, I feel like it pulsing though me. I feel every note move through me and it is if I am one with the music.

T+4:00 - I need something else to do besides hanging out on my couch listing to music. It's all that I have been doing for the last 2 hours. I think I am going to play GTA San Andreas because I can run around doing whatever I feel like.

T+6:00 - Man, the last 2 hours have flew by. I guess that's easy to do with that game especially when you are rolling. I still don't feel like I am coming down yet but my jaw is starting to get sore from me grinding my teeth.

T+8:00 - God, this just won't stop. I still feel like I did 4 hours ago. I am actually starting to feel tired. I am going to fire up my Hookah again because it helped me relax before.

T+9:00 - I am done with my hookah and I cleaned up around the house. I am FINALLY starting to come down. I am actually glad it's stopping, which is weird because every other time that I have done E, I am usually devastated that it's over and now I am going to try and fall asleep.

T+18:00 - Man I slept like a baby. It only took me about 15 minutes to fall asleep despite the fact that I could still feel the roll. I don't even feel like shit right now like I normally do. I usually am really depressed the next day and I feel just fine right now. I don't think I could sit down and work on my dissertation or anything, but I don't feel empty and sad.

Final Thoughts: MDMA by itself is not speedy, at least that's how it was for me. Everyone is different and anyone else could have had different reactions to this drug. But based on what I have experienced before, pure MDMA takes a little while to kick in and lasts around 8 hours. It also doesn't really get me hyper and speedy. I can also think without my thoughts racing. I think that it is a shame that most E is not pure MDMA. It is usually a mix of MDA, MDE, and methamphetamine and about half of it out there has some MDMA in it, but I really will almost never find pure stuff unless I am lucky enough again.