I had just gotten back from a rave and on the car drive back I heard some lyrics in a song that was playing that made my mind to have my second DMT expirience. My first time I didnt have that breakthrough and all I saw were intense visuals where everything was exploding into kaliedascopic images. 

Once I got home I was ready for it. Not like before when I did it just to do it. My mind was ready. I had put on a Shpongle song and then loaded the pipe with the crystals. I thought to myself here it is and with that thought I heated up the crystals. I took one large hit, held it in as long as I could and blew it out. At this time I was just lightheaded and then immediatly took another hit of it and held it again for as long as possible. Once I blew out I felt my mind slipping away. Before I was totally gone I proceeded to take another hit. Thise one was huge. As I started to let that hit out I had closed my eyes.

Intense geometric patterns were swimming all around and changing colors. These beings had formed out of the geometric patterns. I was with them and we were all dancing. They reminded me of humans but were not. I think they had put that in my head to give me a since of connection with them. We were all holding hands as we dancing and everything was so perfect. As we continued to dance our hands and arms started melting and forming into each others bodies. I symbolized the connectedness of all of us and we became on big dancing entity. It was pure Bliss.

Then the beings seperated me from the whole and had put me outside what looked like a club. I think it looked like a club to give me familiarity of the feeling they wanted me to feel. As I was standing outside I was looking in and is was total beauty inside and I had just expireinced it. I wanted that feeling so bad again. As I was looking inside it was like they were making fun of me by making faces at me. A few of them would stick their tongues out some would then laugh and then others would mock me sadness.

Then the scenery changed and my self image of me change then as well. I now was dressed up as what some people would catergorize as a hoodlum. I was now at a rave setting but it was put into the darker side of things. I was trying to sneak into this party. I was trying to get that same feeling of perfectness trhough dancing at this rave but I knew it wouldnt be the same. I felt horrible for 'turning to the darkside' so to speak and indulging into drugs. 

I feel that it was telling me I need to change how I am going about things and what I do.

Then all I could see was this crazy artwork directly in front of me. The artwork then multiplied into about five or six and then formed a line. Then those ones made more directly on top and this happened many times and made a stairset going up. I then proceeded to walk up the stairs and once I did I had thise amazing feeling that those beings were with me and have always been with me as I entered this hallway. As I walked a few feet into the hallway Terrence McKenna's voice started playing through speakers that were located throughout the whole hallway and he was talking about DMT. I felt like the beings were trying to make me understand that what Terrence McKenna says is how things really are and that he knew things that other didnt. After that everything started to fade away slightly. At this time I opened my eyes and and was amazed at what I am just expireinced. 

It defiantly opened my eyes to alot of things. Some of these things may not make since but for me it couldnt have been explained more perfect by these beings. I am very thankful for this expirience.