I have been an experienced drug user for about 6 years now, doing almost every drug imaginable in my past, but finally cutting it down primarily to pot and alcohol. Getting most of my drug use out of my system before even getting to college, I was more than satisfied with sticking to herb and brew. I did enjoy eating mushrooms or acid every time I got the chance due to them being relatively rare drugs around my area and have tripped shrooms about 35 times and had about 8-9 previous lsd experiences eating as much as 3 hits at a time.

Me and my friends picked up a ten strip from a total sketch job, and with the thick tabs and nice logos we figured it would be good stuff, not realizing how right we were about that. On Friday night I had drank pretty heavily despite knowing I was going to trip the next day, and got only 7 hours of sleep. Waking up tasting booze in my mouth, I knew I did not have time to nurse a hangover and had to eat the "LaLa" as soon as possible because I tend to have 20 hour acid experiences.

Me and my buddy both ate two hits and took the train downtown. After about 25 min. I began to feel funny and being sensitive to chemicals sensed the acid taking my to LaLa land quite quickly. We arrived to downtown Chicago, and the day was beautiful, not a single cloud in the sky and the warm sun beating down on us. We were trippin pretty good for about 3 hours, walking around and ddecided to go see a movie, Kung Fu Panda. It was one of the best times ever. Anyways when we got out of the theater the acid seemed to have calmed down and I felt like the trip was coming to an end even though it had been only 5-6 hours into it.

We decided to go over to my friend's apartment because it was his b-day and he was going to have a party. We made our way up there and when he opened the door and we walked in, all of a sudden everything changed.towards the worse. He was watching the new hairspray in a very dark room and I walked up to the tv and when I saw John Travolta in the fat suit, which was hilarious, for some reason I got really REALLY really frightened. Travolta's eyes seemed really dilated and the grew huge like alien eyes. I got cold/hot flashes and the room began to cave in on me. I had my ipod and decided to go in my buddy's room and listen to some weezer because they always put me in a good mood. But as I lay on his bed and began to listen to the music, everything became tooo intense. I closed my eyes and I began to see all my friends and family, EVERYONE I knew laughing happily but aging at the same time and rotting out, I saw myself graduating college, getting married growing old dying..I saw the universe and my own insignificance within it. This all sounds very cool, but it was one of the most intense incites I had ever had. I couldn't keep my eyes closed it was too scary, but when I opened them, everything was still really messed up too. The lamp shades were dancing around the lamp, a movie poster was crawling around the wall and the ceiling was wavy as if it was liquid.

I realized I was having my first bad acid trip and felt like I was about to have a psychotic breakdown. I ran out of the room and decided to talk to my friend. He has long curly hair and as he was trying to talk me down, all I saw was little versions of his face in his own hair laughing at me. My best friend now seemed like a freakish demon in my eyes. I decided to go outside and get some fresh air. I stepped outside and the sun was now setting. I had taken the cid hours ago and it took me soo long to peak that I realized I might be tripping for much longer than I had expected. I saw downtown Chicago with all the lights on and a purple sky with the sun setting and it seemed so beautiful that it hurt my eyes to look at it. In fact my eyes were so dilated that I could not really see anything more than 20 feet in front of me too clearly and people in the distance seemed hazy and unfocused. I decided to go back inside and have a beer, hoping the alcohol would take the edge off..and it did. In fact I got a pint of rum and decided to just get drunk to calm the whole trip down.

Good idea! People showed up for the party and we all ended up having a great time. But I still have goosebumps about the hour or so of hell. Because when the acid is in my head, I cannot escape it..Anywhere I go I'm still tripping, and despite my love for psychedlics I think I got my fix of the ultimate acid trip where I felt anymore would just kill me. I've eaten 5 hits before and not tripped as hard as I did off these thick, tasteless, star branded blotters. I don't think I will trip again for at least a year, even though everything worked out ok. Setting is everything, I thought my trip was over then I switched locations and I got a mindfuck.