I tried weed for the first time when I was in grade 8, when I was 13 years old. The first time I 'tried' it I didn't feel anything at all. After about 3 times of trying it and having feeling nothing, I felt that I had a different kind of brain than other people and that weed wouldn't affect me. 

One Friday during school my friend 'S', who has been smoking me the weed for the last few times, asked me if I wanted to smoke again. As I was still wondering about the feeling that weed could give me, I agreed to come over and smoke with him.  Between 4 people, we smoked two joints, and about 5 big bowls. I averaged it out later that I myself probably smoked 1 gram of weed. 

Like the many times before, nothing appeared different than normal life. I just went upstairs and got a drink of water. After I got my drink I walked over to my friend "C" and began to talk with her. I forget what we talked about, but one time during the conversation I went to have a drink of water from my glass, when I realized that I didn't have a glass in my hand.

"Hey C, didn't I have a glass of water in my.. HAHAHAHA" I began to laugh uncontrollably at the fact that I thought I had water in my hand. After what felt like 10 minutes of laughing, I turned to my friend "D" and yelled, "What is going on!" 

"You're stoned man!" "D" told me.

When he said that, I immediately started to explore my surroundings, finally I was high. So THIS is what I was trying to experience. After that more of the weed kicked in and eventually I realized I was really stoned.

We than walked downstairs and sat on chairs in "C's" room. All of my other friends were talking with each other while I was sitting in my chair stoned off my ass. During the time I was sitting in my chair I kept feeling like somebody added weights to the front of my body, making it hard to sit up straight. I would fall over and than catch myself and sit up straight and look around the room. The whole time this was going on a felt bloated and close to throwing up.

All of a sudden I felt that my mouth was extremely dry. I then realized, for possibly the fifth time, that I didn't have a drink in my hand anymore. I then told everyone in the room several times that I was going to get a drink, and finally I did.

I began to walk up the stairs and then all of a sudden I "mind-blanked" into the kitchen. I felt like the trip up the stairs never happened. As I was in the kitchen all I could think of was how I got up here. Then as I saw the sink I remembered that I was looking for my glass that I had previously so that I could get some water. After I had found my glass I began to fill it up with water, which is when I had another "mind-blank."

At one moment I was filling up my glass with water, at the next I was walking down the stairs and sat down in my chair. When I sat down I began to drink my water. Right after I started, my friends were laughing at me, I didn't know why and was tripping out to hard at them laughing to ask why they were laughing.

In between laughing, my friend "C" came out with the words "salt in your water?" 

I then looked at my glass and I was murky. I then tasted my water and it tasted horrible. So I put it down in awe at what my brain did while I had no control over it. 

We sat in the basement for a while and then we had to leave. C's room was in the basement and her window was level with the ground so for fun we decided to climb out the window to leave. I had a little bit of trouble, but when I got outside I felt awesome. To this day I still enjoy being outside when I'm stoned. I feel like I enjoy the natural beauty of the earth more when I'm stoned. 

While I was walking I felt that my heart was beating really fast. Every once and a while, I would be walking by myself, and then I would run to catch up with my friends to walk with them. After that I would usually have a "mind-blank," and I would be behind them and have to catch up with them again.

We walked around my town for a while and then I went home. I snuck in quietly and trying to act normal told my mom that I was going to bed. I turned on the TV in my room and watched TV until I fell asleep.

In the morning I felt a little "fuzzy" and still messed up but I could still think and function fine. After a while I became completely normal, and I was excited about what I had just experienced the night before.

It is more than three years later and I have been smoking a fair bit of weed ever since, about once a week, and always enjoy it. 

After my first time being stoned I have never had the "mind-blanks" that I had that evening. My first time being stoned was a weird experience, a taste of the "other side" of life.

On a final note I would like to say to be cautious when trying weed for the first time. You may find things to be very unknown and messed up, but remember that you will be fine in a couple hours and that you will not die, as I thought many time during the trip that I was having a heart attack and/or was about to die. 

"P" from Ontario