I will start off by saying I have done shrooms three times before, twice taking two grams, once taking four. However this time I had decided to take five grams of some apparently potent mushrooms, and on a completely empty stomach.

2:15PM – After munching down the last of the five grams I sat down with my fellow 'shrooming' friend B and my sober girlfriend M. I told my girlfriend that she was allowed to "mess with me" because I actually enjoy it for the tripping-out effect so long as they stop when I ask.

2:45PM - The feeling of anticipation was crazy; I felt very strange already and had a feeling of restlessness and churning.

3:00PM – I was already nearing the peak, my friend B's carpet and its patterns began to sway side to side, shifting left and right. Sound was starting to distort to an echoing sound, ridiculous things would have me and B laughing loudly as we tried to find the reasoning behind what we believed to be absolute nonsense. 

3:15PM – My sense of time has nearly completely vanished, at this point M began to do little things to fuck with my head, which completely tossed me into another dimension. As we sat down to watch a sitcom the colors on the T.V. radiated from a pale green, to a dark purple, then to black and white. For ten to twenty seconds at a time many times throughout my trip audio would be completely senseless. Sound would echo and wave and twist to the point of complete distortion and inability to comprehend what was being said. From this point on I knew not the concept of time.

Soon after this warping effect of sounds and severe color distortion set in, my girlfriend stood up suddenly, finding a rainbow shaded blanket and put it around her. She began to dance around the living room smiling. At first I was angry that she was fucking with me THIS bad, but soon was mesmerized by the magnitude of the situation. EVERYTHING was significant and I lost grasp of reality. I began to believe that I had tripped myself into an alternate reality, and that M dancing around in a rainbow cape wasn't actually occurring in the real world and that in actuality I was laying on B's couch curled in a ball.  These ideas were shut off as I saw the blanket being wrapped around my body and face. My sense of sight seemed to transfer its energy to my hearing, as suddenly I could see words. That is right, I could see them. They floated around the color red and twisted themselves into my ears reverberating and echoing until all sound was complete babble. 

After I was uncovered and I gathered myself again I noticed that I felt like every opening and crack in my body was literally pouring with water. I began to rub my fingers, brush my arms, wipe my eyes, dry my nose to try and rid myself of this massive excess of moisture all over me. For the rest of my trip I just admired the fact that everything with an edge seemed to have two semi-transparent lines of color hovering next to it. Audio was reverberating to the point of muttering and seemingly small things becoming absolutely significant and noticeable.