I have a very brief history of drug use, I'm 19, I've smoked weed probably 30 times or so in my life, hash about 10 times, shrooms once (a very pleasant physical feeling, not mental for me), and salvia once (worst 10 minutes of my life). I was visiting family in egypt and my cousin had extracted some mescaline from scratch by himself for personal use. He had been wanting to trip with me but I was nervous and reluctant due to my bad salvia trip 2 months prior. Finally I agreed to try it, tried very hard to prepare myself mentally, and ingested the pills around midnight in a beautiful garden with only the two of us around. We decided to smoke a joint to calm our minds so that we 'ease into the trip.'

We played some mellow music and talked, and after 2 hours, all I had was some nausea, a weird feeling in my stomach, and the desire to go lay down. I told him I was going to sleep and didn't think the pills worked on me. He laughed and said 'whatever' as if I was about to embark on the ride of my life. It wasn't long before I closed my eyes and my mind started shooting everywhere, as if I was having millions of short dreams over the course of minutes. I remember asking myself 'is this tripping? Cause if it is, I like it, its not too intense.' I can't explain how detailed these 'dreams' were. Every little thing made me think of something else that was related. I was shocked at how intricate and detailed my thoughts were. I would get up and walk around to prevent myself from getting too deep into the trip that I would lose control and reality, I was not comfortable losing control and my perception of what was real and what was not.

After about 4 hours, the visuals kicked in. I noticed that some shadows on the ceiling began to flow like a river, wiggle, and move. It would take a great deal of focus, but visuals were clear, distinct, and easy. At about 5 hours, I wondered if my trip would ever turn into a train wreck, because of my uneasy emotional and psychological state, and my personality that likes to question everything and is uncomfortable with the unknown. I realized that paranoia ruined my salvia trip, and tried to stay as relaxed and positive as possible to keep my mescaline trip pleasant. I noticed myself close my eyes and almost fall into a deep trip that may have pushed the realities to the wayside, but I would always stop myself out of fear of a bad trip by standing up and walking around. I remember thinking to myself the amazing control I had over the drug. I could stop, slow down, speed up, etc all my thoughts. It was intense as I allowed it to be. At 6 hours, I began to see really intense visuals. I noticed a design I had recently seen on the box of a DVD movie [broken flowers with Bill Murray] start sprouting up all over the ceiling in great color and detail. Again, I stopped the trip out of fear and paranoia by changing position and losing focus.

At 8 hours, the effects began to wear off, and I became very tired and tried to sleep but couldn't. I never slept that night, and the next day I felt very groggy and irritated that the trip lasted so long. After a while, I just wanted the weight on my mind to be lifted and the after effects to go away. I slept for 16 hours and went on about my life. I'm glad I did it, but will not do it again. My only regrets were doing this so late at night, and not allowing my mind to wander as far as it wanted to.