It was around 6:30am on a Friday morning after a night of hanging out with a few friends. This was going to be my second (and unforgettable) DMT experience, my first being only the night before with a much lower dose. We were all relatively new to this substance and only have rough estimations of the doses we required, luckily nothing too severe happened.

We had made the solution about an hour earlier and I decided to have it before my friend had to go to work. The four of us went into his room, we sat on his bed, prepared my arm and injected. I immediately handed over the belt, ball, etc. and within a few seconds a white flash hit me.

I had been told to concentrate on my breathing and at first was too afraid to look up. After a few more seconds I lifted my head to see the room had transformed into a green/blue room filled with futuristic furniture. The mess which cluttered the table was no longer there and everything was perfectly straight. I could hear the voices of my other friends bouncing and echoing throughout the room although I could not see them or talk back. I turned to my friend sitting next to me only to find a being that was very big, square, and colourful and as I went to speak to him he fell apart and started to sink.

Now I began to panic. After a few minutes I thought I saw two of my friends run out of the room in a frenzy. A few seconds later I heard what I believed were my parents crying in another room. By this time I thought I had died. I could vaguely see the figure of my other friend and convinced myself that this was god and he was telling me everything was going to be alright. The only thing coming to mind was how angry everyone would be at me for dying from a drug overdose.

Another minute passed and I had regained almost all of my senses. I still couldn't move but could tell that I had not died, "god" was just my friend standing up, and the others were just outside the door laughing.

This was the most intense trip I have ever had. It is hard to put into words all that happened in those brief 10 mins which seemed to go on for about an hour but I hope this gives a little insight as to how powerful this drug really is.