  It was the middle of summer and due to my boredom I decided I wanted to trip tonight. My gf also wanted to try mushrooms so I asked her if she wanted to do them with me that night. I called up my buddy who had cubes straight from Vancouver and so I bought a quad.  We decided we would do them at my place figuring that it would be the most chill place...not realizing how stupid this was considering my parents were both home and my house is pretty small. We made pasta to mix the mushrooms in with and since it was her first time I gave her 2g while I decided to take the remaining 5g which consisted of one giant cap. 

I did not really keep track of the time that night but I think we ate the mush at approximately 10pm. Down goes the mushrooms, and we sat on the couch in my basement and watched some tv. About half an hour passed when we started to feel the mush, my gf was giggling about random shit and I was just chillin, thinking; holyfuck this is going to be a hell of a trip considering the most mush I did before that was only 2.5g. We were laughing uncontrollably at a show and I changed the channel because we decided that it was too trippy. I put in the movie 'super troopers' and laid down on the couch with my gf. 

I was definitely coming up strong during the beginning of the movie because the movie started to make no sense at all to me. I kept thinking; what a pointless movie, there is no plot at all and random shit just keeps happening, it was like someone just threw a bunch of random scenes together in random order. Every character in the movie kept becoming unfamiliar and I kept forgetting who was who. I lost complete focus on the movie and started having really weird visuals, I looked around and the whole room was changing colours, every time I blinked the whole room would be red and I would blink again then the whole room would be green etc. 

While I was tripping hard my gf was having the greatest time watching the movie. I remember feeling like the couch was sucking me into it or that I was sinking into the couch and my gf would ask me if I was ok because I didn't say a word and she said I had the most scared look on my face. I remember I was sweating a lot and it wasn't even hot in my basement. I was a mess. The movie had ended without me even realizing and so I somehow managed to walk to the tv and took the movie out so we could watch some tv. We ended up on the weather channel and where it showed the little boxes with the little sun in them sometimes with clouds or rain for the days of the week, they showed little snowflakes for every day of the week meaning it was saying that it was snowing outside. Considering it was the middle of the summer this was really weird but I believed it because the tv said so. When the reporter came on she started to say extremely terrifying things. 

I couldn't handle the tv anymore so I got up and started to walk towards my room, my gf was really worried about me and kept asking me if I was ok and kept trying to remind me that It was only a drug, whenever I tried to tell her that I was having a bad trip I couldn't make sense of words, I tried so hard to speak but it would come out as random mumbling or jibberish. We made our way to my bedroom and I remember her saying something like "there's a dog sitting in the corner of your room" I thought she was going crazy because I didn't have a dog. She wanted to watch tv but I said no because it tripped me out way too much. I was peaking when we were sitting on my bed and I started to freak out because my head was spinning with nonsense and I forgot who I was or where I was and I was panicking really hard. I went to the bathroom because I felt like I was going to throw up but just sat by the toilet for what was probably a couple hours just tripping out extremely hard. I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror thinking; "who the fuck is that" and my face looked pure red in the mirror and it started to pulsate and grow little bumps. I went back to my room and collapsed on my bed crying with my face buried in my hands in a fetal like position. 

I could not get a grip on reality or my own mind for that matter. I fought extremely hard for my sanity and just lay on my bed trying to fight off the awful drug. It seemed like hours and hours passed when I started to come down and realize who I was and who my gf was and that it was all just a bad trip. We lay on my bed till about 6 in the morning talking about random theories and things that sounded really intelligent at the time. We both passed out after our in-depth conversation. 

The next morning I felt shitty and had a bad headache, but thank god I was back to normal after that experience. It was a complete head fuck. I also watched super troopers the next day when I was sober and it was fucking awesome, definately made more sense then it did on mush. I think what contributed to my bad trip was the fact that it was a bad environment (my parents were upstairs sleeping the whole time and we were confined to being stuck indoors in my small basement) and I was also going through alot of stressful shit at the time. 

I should be stress free when I do any psychedelic.