Simple Cannabis, Life Alteration

Every month or so, I buy a bit of cannabis from a good friend of mine, usually 1/16th of an oz., as this time. I tend to consume all of it in a period of 3-4 days remaining under its influence from waking to sleep unless work or school get in the way. During this time, I tend to write, draw, tell stories, come up with plans, and all of the regular experiences associated with cannabis use. My 'Stoned Philosophy' has been subject of many jokes by friends, but often enough they listen openly, assuming I am indeed speaking from more than a simply 'stoned' perspective. 

I bought from this friend of mine with the intent of having a regular time, as per my usual. Listen to music, write some stories, play some videogames, and watch some movies. After having been less-than-sober for many hours, I began to watch a movie. Across the Universe, a movie I had been wanting to see for some time, having been told by many people how wonderful it was and my undying love for The Beatles. John Lennon is one of the reasons I got into philosophy, in fact. 

The movie started out very strongly, and as I lit up another bowl, I started singing along to some of the songs that I knew, although the remakes had rhythms I was not used to. It was perhaps twenty minutes into this movie that I started seeing it as the most beautiful thing I have ever seen, a feeling I still hold some months later. The utter perfection of the 'humanity' in the movie made me weep several times. By the end of the film, I had decided upon what I wanted to accomplish with much of my life. As a college student, I have been slightly indecisive about my major, where to go in life, and what to do. The character Jude, although fictitious, finalized ideas I had been having for some time. I knew I wanted to work on the wrongs of the world, and the best way I see is to start from the ground up; what people think. People think by what they know, and they know by what they are taught. 

I am a History major, soon to be attending another year of college, in order to teach people in the same position I am the wrongs humans have perpetrated, the great things we have done, in hopes of bettering mankind. Something I think all people need to work towards. 

In all of my experiences with multiple substances, I have never felt so 'right' as I did that night. I called members of my family, telling them of my revelation, of my new insight, and every one of them has helped me in working towards this goal, which is still a long way off. Through cannabis induced rants, silly ideas, a completely irrational fear of Zerglings, and all other foolish, but fun, things associated with my cannabis experiences, 'weed' really helped me. I am happier now than I have been in some time, even with the constant stress around me. I know that, due to a simple little plant and a movie, life will be completely worth all the hardship just to pass on any knowledge I am able, to hopefully better our so often ignorant species.