To begin with it should have been a very good experience because there were no outside stresses or predispositions. 

I will also mention that I took them with my boyfriend at the time and it was his first experience with this psychedelic as well, he took the same amount and weighs about 50 pounds more than I do.

Neither of us ate or drank for about 5 hours.

In order to counteract the disgusting taste, we tried dipping them in chocolate (burnt the chocolate slightly, but it worked alright) The chocolate was kind of chewy and while making the taste better, did not improve the texture, making them difficult to ingest. We each took our doses and washed them down with a little water. We then moved to a more comfortable location. Seated on the bed we both started experiencing an intense body high after about 20 minutes. We could feel ourselves rising into the trip and before long we were... "tripping balls". We talked for a while and described what we were feeling and had a pretty intense conversation. At this point, I decided to draw.

What I created looks rather silly looking at it now, but it was intense while we were doing it. Obviously at this point we were tripping well and feeling really good. Drawing with colored pencils was great, pulling them out of my huge container of them was very welcoming because of the splashes of color and when you had the pencil in your hand, they had a very comforting woody smell. When I drew it was mostly silly swirls in different colors, which, as I looked at them, they began to evolve and change into more swirls and become fractals. It was a rather strange experience watching myself create something was extremely intense, my boyfriend watched for awhile, enthralled, decided he needed water and left the room.

Apparently, when he left the room, he went to the kitchen and drank 8 glasses of water in a period of about 20 minutes because it felt good. He describes the sensation as being able to feel the water nourishing his body and breathing life into it. 

He came back, laid down and stared at the ceiling for a while and slowly began to fall asleep, he kept asking me to turn out the light, which eventually I did and we sat in the dark watching the darkness for a while. After a little while, I noticed that he had fallen asleep, I ignored it, as I assumed he was probably having very lucid dreams. After having let him be for a while I put my arm on him in order to feel his warmth as it was very comforting. I noticed that it was really wet, at this point my brain was so far gone that I didn't process what this meant. But when I did I sat up, immediately stressed out.

"Get up! You peed!"

"what?"

"Move! I have to clean it up, you wet the bed!"

"I can't move"

I turned on the light. He had indeed peed. I did not know about the 8 glasses of water and was immediately really stressed out as my bed was now soaked with urine and this is where we were to be sleeping. I guess I started yelling because I was so stressed out (still tripping balls), I'd also like to point out that our trip was nothing like the diagram of normal trips. We rose at about the same time and started tripping, but we hadn't even approached our plateau yet and we were about 2 hours into it. 

I made him get up, put my sheets in the laundry and decided we needed a shower.

This is about where it started going bad.

We got into the shower, it was too cold, turned it up, it was too hot, very unpleasant. We didn't quite understand how to clean the urine off ourselves. We were in a state of confusion and extreme fear of freezing to death because of the water, as my house was kind of cold. We stared at eachother in horror as the once familiar faces of comfort began to contort. His chin became longer, his eyes smaller, he basically became a monster in my eyes, I was terrified, and as far as I could tell, he felt the same way.

"I think 3 grams was too much for our first time" He said. I started to feel really sick (I have a very sensitive stomach and throw up for no reason a lot) I stepped out of the shower, completely soaked, and we discovered that there were no towels, we were stark naked, soaked, and my house was pretty cold. I couldn't walk. I stood in one place rocking as I felt I was going to fall. He left to try to find a towel while I stood there, feeling sicker all the time.

Apparently, at this point, though I don't remember. I kept telling him that I was going to die. Then I started talking to myself telling myself and him that we would be okay, the bad would pass soon. Then telling him I would die again. He couldn't find a towel came back and I felt it coming.

I threw up. Missed the toilet almost completely, there were black chunks everywhere. After throwing up, I got into the shower again and rinsed off, he left to get warm in another bed. I realized that unless we got warm, we would probably die (though it wasn't even THAT cold) so I went to my room, got a portable heater that I have, moved it into the other room and pointed it at the bed, I climbed in and felt relief wash over me.

We watched the ceiling for about 2 hours more, heard some coyotes, but we were okay with it as we were safe now. We started to come down slowly and fell asleep within 4 hours.

Our trip had lasted about 9 hours. Good stuff lasting for the first 2, the really bad lasting about 45 minutes, but those 45 minutes, ruined the trip completely and I am forced to believe that bad trips come from negative thoughts and feelings as well as a stressful environment, I will be much more careful nest time, and I'm sure he will as well, the 8 glasses of water will not happen again, as that silly thing is probably the catalyst that caused the entirety of the events.