First DMT expierience

When my friend asked me if I wanted to try DMT I didn't even think about it. I said yes. I honestly don't know too much about it, he said it was the best form of DMT you can get(I remember he said there was 4 something, 5 something and the one we had was n something). He pulled out a double shooter with a hole in the bottom.
 
The other side (part you would drink from) had some kind of screen with steel wool under it. He put the DMT on top of the screen and started burning the edges of the bottle near the dmt(on the outside). I didn't actually see it, but he said you have to melt the dmt into liquid on the steel wool, then since the steel wool is such thin metal it heats up quickly helping vaporize the liquid. After a few minutes he told me to lightly inhale on the hole at the bottom. The bottle filled with smoke and tasted terrible, and it was harsh. I held in my hit for about 10 seconds and hit it about 5 more times.

After I exhaled the first hit everything started to swirl. By the 3rd there was colors everywhere. After the last hit the harshness got to me and I started gagging. I looked at my jeans and they were tie dye, and the colors were moving. I layed back and looked at the ceiling, it was changing colors in waves, first yellow, then dark red, followed by green, then yellow again. I sat up and looked at my arm(there was a black light on). My arm hairs were big enough to count. They also turned white with a green ora.

There was a 3d picture in the room that I couldn't stop looking at. It was cool looking. I went on like this for about 5-10 minutes, stood up and said that was amazing (Thinking I'm sober). I looked around and noticed the picture wasn't as 3d as I thought it was. I went outside to have a cigarette. About 20 minutes after I left the room I was asked to try it again. I walked into the room and got comfortable. I looked at the picture and realized it wasn't at all 3d...


My favorite part of the experience was the sober feeling I had the whole time. I didn't feel intoxicated hardly at all. Just felt like wearing REALLY cool glasses (with a body buzz).