Sunday, July 27th: I meet a man through a friend who has lots of DMT and is excited to let me try some. (What a nice guy!)

It's dark outside as he starts measuring out my dose into a glass piece made for DMT smoking. I ask for some music to be turned on, and he puts on Paul Oakenfold Live from Space in Ibitha. Some friends are gathered around the table I'm sitting at as he tells me to start inhaling deep and slowly. I take what seemed to be the biggest hit of anything I've ever taken. 

Before I could exhale, it started. A rush came over my entire body, causing me to sit straight up in my chair and rub my chest as I exhaled, all while entering the most ridiculous trip of my life.

The music was absolutely incredible, as if it were the director of my experience that night. My body felt like liquid. I couldn't speak and I lost touch of reality. It didn't feel like I was even in my body, more like I was a cluster of concentrated energy. At this moment, I remember a tear running down my face, and it reminded me I was human.

Then I realized that there was a neverending grid with geometric symmetrical shapes in each box of it. The shapes were full of bright, vibrant color and were rapidly changing from one color to the next to the next. It's like the grid was 3-dimensional and floating through space.

The music suddenly stops, changing into someone speaking about a radio show, I start to think I'm about to be in a radio station, then I rub my face and clear my throat, and I can finally understand what people are saying, asking me 'Well how is it?'
I reply, 'Mm Hmm.' Then I can speak normally again. I start describing my trip in detail to everyone as they listen anxiously.
My voice sounds very strange to me at this point. I'm in the 'afterglow' stage of the trip, completely out of my peak. 

At this point the stars were my main focus. They were beautiful. There was a light in the distance which gave my entire view this incredible background glow to it. I glance to my right and everything looks black and white. Lights are now changing colors when I look at them. 
 
I thank the generous man for my experience and sit back, enjoy the rest of the drug as it wears off, and smile.