I worked at a sleep-away camp this past summer full time for about 10 weeks. Before going, I was sure that I wasn't going to be able to smoke pot which worried me, but I soon found that a few of my co-workers smoked every night in secret. This worked out great because the guys who I smoked with eventually became my best friends at camp. Normally, we would smoke once a day, at night, down at the camp lake away from everyone else. Sometimes we smoked in the morning, and sometimes at mid-day as well. 

One night, one of my friends and I went down to the lake with my computer so we could listen to some music while we smoked. We used the kayaks by the lake as seats and packed up a bowl of some good headies we picked up in a nearby town. At this point, I had been smoking regularly ( twice a day on average) for about six months. That night my friend introduced a new way to get higher faster to me. He told me to hold the inhaled smoke in for a lot longer than I was used to. I had "ghosted" hits before, but never over and over again. It sure as shit worked.  After we smoked about three bowls like this, I was feeling really high. We were listening to some live Phish. The music was incredible. Weed has always enhanced music for me, and this was no different. I was really experiencing each song.

Visually, the environment was stunning. The moonlight struck the trees on the other side of the small lake in such a way that made them look superimposed on the trees in the distance. It was almost like there were only two sets of trees, one set closest to use, and another way far off up the mountain. I explained this to my friend and he agreed and also remarked at how perfect the night air felt. It was true, I felt like we were living in a dream. Everything seemed right. Eventually the music took us both over and we ended up lying down, just listening and observing the stars. After some time had passed I said something along the lines of "Let's pack another."

For the next couple bowls, we moved to a wooden tower on the other side of the lake that sits about 30 feet above the surface of the water. After smoking another two or three bowls (ghosting every hit), I was super blitzed. Small patterns of lines began appearing in my vision. The patterns were small and intricate and took over my entire spectrum of vision. I could still see my surroundings, but the lines were there two, as if someone was holding a translucent tapestry up to my face and slowing moving it in small circles. It was unreal. Every so often, the pattern would change into something different. Independent of the frequency of the changing patterns, the lines also progressed through a series of mesmerizing colors. It was all I could do to try and keep this hallucination going. But when the patterns eventually subsided, I figured it was time for bed.

We walked back to our cabins and I fell asleep almost instantly. Though I've been much higher in my life and had plenty of great times that summer down by the lake, this one definitely stands out as one of the best.