The night me my two best friends and my sister took ecstasy for the first time is a night we will never forget. We were coming home from a week at the beach and we were all bummed that our amazing trip was over. My dad let us stay at his house for the weekend because he was still at the beach. We wanted something fun to do my friend suggested 'lets so ecstasy', whether she meant it as a joke or was being serious I replied 'YES lets do it'. I was just in one of the moods where I didnt care and I was willing to try anything. 

We went and picked up the pills and drove to my dads house. My one friend began freaking out in the beginning and throwing up, meanwhile me and my other friend laura didnt feel anything and we were slightly annoyed. My friend Lauren (the one throwing up) immediately became super clingly to me. She took off her clothes panicking because there was throw up all over her and asked me to wash her hair in the shower. This was not normal for us but I did as she said and I think you would have to if you saw how much she was panicking. Soon this motherly feeling began to take over me and I loved taking care of her. If I left her side for even a second she would cry out in a panicked voice 'kelsey where are you going, dont leave me'. 

Soon lauren had calmed down and we were all as they say 'rolling' and having the best time. We all ended up in our bras and underwear and giving each other massages. The floor felt so good to lay on and to be touched felt incredible. Its a feeling I cant describe to anyone or talk about really with anyone unless they have done E themselves. We had the best conversations that night and I had never felt closer to my sister or two best friends. I would be leaving for college in two weeks and we had never really talked about it until this night. I felt so hopeful about everything that we would all still be friends and we all hugged and just embraced the feeling, and it was the best feeling of my life. None of us were wearing make up, but honestly they have never looked more beautiful to me. Their faces were so lit up with joy, it really is complete euphoria. I myself even thought I looked pretty and I rarely think that. I felt so hopeful of all the problems in my life, it was like somehow I knew everything would be ok. I was so open with my friends and sister and everything just felt so easy to explain. 

We then went into the bathroom and my friend performed what we like to call a light show. We turn off all the lights and light a cigarette and swirl it around and it makes awesome patterns. We do this while listening to music. And music on E is the most amazing thing.  

I think E is the best drug out there and if I do it safely there is no problem. Careful who you get it from and drink water.