It was a sunday night during my first week of college in Milwaukee, WI. I had been having sort of a hard time meeting new people there. Over the course of the summer before, I had grown very interested in psychedelics, and I feel like its completely impossible for someone to understand who's never experienced such a thing. At college, everyone just wanted to drink beers and scam on girls. It was the night before that I finally met someone who was interested in tripping. He told me that he had done LSD many times, just as I had. The very next night, he called me to see what I was doing. I couldn't walk due to tendonitis from walking around so much, and I told him I was just going to stay in for the night. A few hours later he called me again and asked if I just wanted to hang out in my dorm for a little bit. I found this kind of odd since he had told me earlier that he was going to a concert. But I thought whatever and said yes. He came into my dorm room literally minutes later and the first thing that came out of his mouth was 'DUDE! I just smoked DMT!' He went on to tell me that he had a little bit more with him, and if I wanted to do it, I was welcome to. Clearly I wasn't going to turn down something like this. I sat down on my bed and tried to relax as much as possible before I hit the pipe. My other friend, Charlie, got a notebook out and decided to write down the things I was saying because I'd heard it's common to forget the DMT experience shortly afterward.

Here are the things he wrote:

I can see exactly what I'm doing, but my eyes are closed. 'I can REALLY see. But my eyes are closed.' Oh, god. The colors. I keep seeing this girl, but I can't tell who she is. I'm not sure if I'm supposed to communicate with her or not. It's like I'm above her. Maybe she was blind. You can see the energy in everything. Not literally, but you can sense it. It's like I've never even taken a breath before this. I'm completely aware that there are things that my body isn't capable of sensing, and now I'm aware of it.  I'm in a hallway right now, going around a corner. The hallway isn't even a hallway anymore. It's like I was just swallowed by something. Like an esophagus. It's breathing. When I open my eyes he isn't here, but when I close them I can see him. Like  a ghost, some being... He's wearing a hat and I know he's not gonna hurt me, but he still kinda looks really scary. He looked at me with this fucked up grin like it was really obvious that I didn't know where I was and I didn't know what I was doing. Oh wow, Charlie. Clouds, clouds, clouds...I want ALL of the light to go away. I don't know why I want to cover up my eyes so bad. I just feel like I should. Two people holding hands. I only really visualize them for a split second, but I was completely and utterly aware of their presence. I knew the shape of everything.  A lot of characters. More than I actually remember. The body high makes me feel like it's a lot less stressful for me to be here.


So, I'm not sure if that makes sense to anyone else, but it certainly was a great time! I really enjoyed the body high, I felt it was almost the opposite of a 'body load'. I wonder if anyone else feels that way about DMT...