This will be a somewhat dull report, but it will be nice to have it on record as there is not a ton of documentation on the ingestion of Gymnopilus Spectabilis. It is possible that this is Gymnopilus Aeruginosus, which as I understand it is essentially the same mushroom with the same chemical propertis, but slightly larger.

80g fresh Gymnopilus Spectabilis simmered in water for 10 minutes then strained through a sock.

Remaining liquid simmered down to about 8oz.

God damn was it bitter! It is very comparable in bitterness to mescaline-containing cacti.  I managed to wash it down with Mountain Dew -- Sip of mountain dew, hold in mouth, sip of mushroom juice, quick swallow, then another quick swallow of fresh Mountain Dew before I have time to taste it.

I am at about the 1.5 hr point right now, and at a +1 on the Shulgin Rating Scale. There is definite activity but it is very subtle, and not necessarily like psilocybin.  I have quite a bit of experience with various low doses of Cubies, and this is not very similar. I picked these in SW USA and it is reported that Gymnopilus Spectabilis from this region contain little to no psilocybin.  However, they are said to contain alkaloids similar to those in Kava.

The one time I tried Kava I entered a relaxed mind set and was in a pretty good mood.  I had a slight body high which was very relaxing.

The effects of this mushroom are somewhat similar to that.  My mindspace/perception is slightly altered, just ever so slightly.  A little spacey, and some head pressure. Very slight tingling/vibration through my entire body. There is a light alteration to my eyesight.  The usual static I see on dark walls is more distinct. No marked euphoria. Shortly after I ingested them I got that warm fuzzy in my chest that I get when cubies give me the first alert.

I'm going to triple the dose next time around, as it is likely there is a small amount of psilocybin in these mushrooms and I am very interested to see if I can get a good trip goin with these.

Hope you enjoyed :smile:

I should mention that I take Wellbutrin (Bupropion), which is a 'very' minor SSRI, and a moderate Dopamine and Norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor.  I have read a report that Wellbutrin reduces the effects of LSD, and I assume it would do the same with any other tryptamine. I have not tried any other tryptamines since I started Wellbutrin so I can't confirm this.