Trip Description (List)

This is my list of the experiences and visuals I have encountered along my trip, as much information as I can recall from the wild adventure I had partaken in. Please note that all times are approximate.

(0:00) I feel very relieved that I had finally taken the mushrooms I had been waiting to do for a long time. I had bought them from a friend two days ago and had just ingested them seconds before the feeling of relief came over me.

(0:25) I am just sitting in my room. Nothing has happened other than a very relaxed feeling, comparable to the high of marijuana. I have a Pink Floyd album on a low volume to set a nice psychedelic mood. I had heard it takes about 15 minutes for the 'shrooms to kick in but nothing had really happened yet. I decide to smoke a cigarette. As I light it, I watch the smoke come from my mouth completely stunned. Almost as if I were watching a building implode. I realize the mushrooms are taking effect when suddenly and without warning, my cigarette bends upward and 'looks' at me. I stare back cross eyed and suddenly see mirrors, windows and posters   'breathing'. I pay close attention but at the same time am totally relaxed and almost sidetracked by the hallucinations . My trip had started. Here is the list I had mentioned earlier.

1.    Sudden life has been given to all in my path. Things breathe, get tired, sleep, talk, and even masturbate. By "things" I mean posters, dressers, clothes, and garbage. I am offended by how perverted my work desk is. It wont stop masturbating.

2.a very (and by very I mean VERY) interesting haze of colors as entered my room. My ceiling, which is normally light blue, is a mix of very bright colors. The best way I can explain it is the bottom of a box of fruity pebbles is just a mix of bright colored crumbs, right? Well, so are my walls and ceiling. I feel I have the power to control the colors and patterns of my walls but feel insecure and leave it to the divine to choose my rooms ultimate paint job.

3.A feeling for nature has come over me. I look outside to see trees dancing about to the rhythm the wind has decided to play. (to anyone else, its just trees blowing in the wind). I enjoy watching nature ultimately overpower the physical limitations of its murderous inhabitants. And I decide to lay back down.

4.As I am getting comfortable I noticed the music playing. The sounds are very intricate and actually make themselves visible to the eye. A collage of pinks and greens are flowing from my stereo speakers and entering my ears. I can see the sounds before they are played if that makes any amount of sense. I hear Syd Barret's voice match the rhythm of his guitar with perfect ease. Its astonishing really, how they can be totally different methods of making music but work together so well in such a beautiful way that nearly brings a tear to my eye.

5.I pull blanket off of my body to get something to eat when bright yellow pixie dust scatters from underneath the sheets and onto the black abyss of a floor. This looks really cool and I find myself staring at the glowing colors amidst the glowing blackness.
 
6.My dad walks in my room and I tell him about the trip. All of the sudden I look up at his sunglasses which are tinted a sort of orange and yellow color, and they light my room up with a beautiful light. A light which rivals the beautiful shimmer that only the 'gods' gold can reflect. I am absolutely dumbstruck by this light and ask my dad to leave. As he does so does the light and I am concerned I will never see it again.

7.My dad leaves a trail of blurriness behind as he walks. Like his back is left in the position it was when he turned around but only his front was inching forward. Creating the image of a very centipede-like father of mine. I am glad he is like this because it encourages me to accept people as they are.

8.I go to my fridge to eat. And suddenly slam the door shut. I am appalled by all the meat products in my fridge. (normally I am not a vegetarian, but this experience has encouraged me to be so). I slowly open the fridge again to find little cannibal men dancing around a pack of hot dogs. The men are chanting and holding spears and the hot dogs scream an eerie sound that echoes throughout my fridge almost as if it were as big as a canyon. I don't want to intervene because I understand the importance of of having to feed your children whatever is at hand. I shut the fridge without anything to eat.

9.Lastly, I look up the moon which is glowing numerous times more vibrant than normally. Its dancing. And encourages me to dance too. But I'm magnetized to my seat. And cant get up. I eventually fall asleep where I sit and wake up with a positive outlook on life.

Basically the experience has helped me to realize the possibilities in the universe other than just the world. I am definitely going to do this again.