##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

Well last night I smoked 100mg of DMT, held it in for about 20 seconds, tried to take another hit and everything in my room disappeared and I was in another place of very very edgeless super brightly color objects covered in a flowing changing geometrical landscape, I was scared because my room became another place.

At first I tried to rub my eyes to bring back any sense of where I was before but I could not get back or ground myself, it was scary, so I just went with it.

Any sound skipped and reversed and fast forwarded and had a massive echo delay. Even my voice when I spoke or the music that was on sounded like it was being skipped around and reversed even though I knew in my head it was playing normally.

Everywhere I looked was vibrant colors, usually changing where an edge once was in my room. When I first tried to get out of it due to being scared that I had lost myself forever I tried to find my door to move out of my room and into another place that I would find familiar but even when I got to the area that was once my door and looked out, everything up the stairs was different too. The door seemed to be almost 2 dimensional and did not appear to be any kind of door anymore and it was if the stairs were a not a stair way but a ramp into a space ship lined with multicolored changing lights and the light from what was once the kitchen was a bright yellow glow as if there was nothing up there but a yellow room with no texture other the geometrical patterns.

I went back to sit on my couch but I could not find were it was because all objects were gone so I had to feel around in the area I thought it might be until I felt a soft surface which did not feel like my couch and appeared to be just a block of color and swirling geometry but I knew it had to be  and sat down.

This is when beings started appearing out of the floor which was now just a swirling color block of lime green. They appeared as balls of energy and did not speak to me but there movement could be heard with the same skipping echoing reversing forwarding overlay as before. I kept saying, 'whoa, whats happening' over and over and it sounded not like my voice that I hear but my voice if I were to record it and listen back. It was if I was stuck for a second in a loop because every time I said those words I would do the exact same thing with my body movement.

I sat on my couch for about 5 minutes just watching the beings of energy float around my used to be basement which had now transformed. Each wall a different color, each object a solid different color. Geometrical patterns everywhere

I remember when I first hit it I tried to take a second hit and my bong seemed to vanish from my hand but I could still feel it there. I would try to look at my legs or hands during the trip but they seemed to be gone, one with the world of solid colors. They seemed to blend into the couch, or whatever the couch was at the time (I tell you it was no couch.)

The best way I can describe it is everything lost its shape and normal look and became a different place and for 5-7 minutes no matter how hard I tried I could not get back or ground myself to reality. After this time my room very very slowly started looking like my room again but would still take me back if I sat in a non moving focused state for a couple seconds.

Overall it was initially scary because I had no control over the situation, the DMT completely changed were I was, I was transported to some sort of other dimensional geometric holding bay in a starship of time and space and the fact I could not leave was frightening but I found my couch again and relaxed and enjoyed every moment of it.

DMT is truly one of the most interesting substances ever to be in existence in the universe.