Before I had taken the LSD I was already a fairly experienced drug user, having tried mushrooms, 2CB, Salvia, MDMA, Speed, and several other drugs before. Three of my closest friends and I decided we were going to try LSD. After a lot of research I realized that like all psychedelics set and setting are key in having a good trip. So on my friends 18th birthday we got his house to ourselves, thus insuring a safe environment where nothing could ruin our trip. His house was ideal for a first time LSD trip because it was fairly large and any cool art pieces we could stare at; as well as being in a fairly large gated community full of green grass and trees.

We did not eat for approximately 6 hours before ingesting the Acid. We ate 2 tabs straight away, putting the lil pieces of paper in our mouth and letting it sit under our tongue for around 5 minutes. After 5 minutes we swallowed the acid, sat on the couch and began the waiting game. Like with most psychedelics the waiting point is often the most frustrating part. But within 10 minutes I felt slightly different, a subtle euphoria and the beginning stages of the acid grin. I looked to my friends who were all getting the same feeling. Unable to sit in one spot we shuffled around for around 15-20 minutes. 

Slightly less than half an hour after ingesting the acid I was feeling very euphoric, and had an urge to chuckle at my inability to process what was happening to me. At this point one of other people I was with (who had not taken acid) had to leave and so we accompanied her on the walk out of the gated complex. It was on this walk that I started to feel distanced from my body. My perception of distance started to get muddled. The walk to the gate (which actually took about 5 minutes) fell incredibly long; the road felt as though it was constantly stretching and the end would never come.

After dropping off our friend, the 4 of us continued back to my friend's house. For some reason the 4 of us had the idea to smoke a lil hash in his front yard. We got the hash and I made myself one bottle toke. While exhaling the hash I looked around me at the plants and noticed that color looked extremely vibrant. I told my friends that smoking was completely useless and that I was already really gone. My friends looked around in response to my comment and noticed the plants. The trees and bushes began to move and what seemed to us, to breathe. I could feel the life force of every plant radiating around me. At this time we decided to go back inside. 

The movement from the outside to the inside was a complete change in out trip (which just goes to show that set and setting means everything). Inside we started to look at everything in the house. Everything had taken on a life of its own, I remember at one point we had been staring at the carpet for over 20 minutes, when we finally realized this we began to laugh at ourselves hysterically. The laughter was uncontrollable and my one friend had to leave the room to get some air. Around this time I noted it had been around an hour to an hour and half after ingesting and we already coming up, with it only getting more intense. We decided to put some music on which put us all in a very happy state which we sat and let the music take us. 

Let me just say one thing, music on acid is essential. I had a new appreciation for music. I could feel every note in my body, and it became a background for my trip. While listening to some psy trance and some pink floyd we all felt a deep connection with each other and talked about our friendship. Although this is common on drugs, the LSD made the connection feel so much more real than anything I got from MDMA. I find, and my friends agree, that acid gives me a very objective point on the world, allowing me to see it from perspectives I never knew existed, while at the same time giving me a deep empathetic connection with the world. I was surprisingly clear minded, although I was thinking in ways I never did. Although functioning on a micro level proved to be very difficult, like setting up the music or preparing the bottle to smoke. My legs felt odd, as if there was some new force pulsing through my veins and nerves. I felt surprisingly light but my motor skills were too slow to allow me free fluid movement that I might otherwise have.

After a few hours (Approx 3 1/2 hours after ingestion) we went for another walk. On this walk distance became something we could not understand. Walking on a relatively short road felt like it took forever. We went to the park, where we noticed the sky. It was a bright red and orange and looked like something out of a surreal painting. We stayed outside for approx another hour before returning home. Again the switch between outside and inside changed our experience. Outside I felt one with the world, whereas inside I began to question what existence. Whenever there would be moments of silence I would get lost in my thoughts, thinking about where I wanted to go with my life, what I had accomplished. I thought about my troubled relations with my parents and how I could improve them. The Acid led to my pseudo epiphany, I thought I had myself completely understood, and I wanted to improve myself. We went back to talking about life and listing to music. 

After it had been approx 7-8 hours after ingesting we had completely stabilized. My friend's mother set up a table full of food for us, which we avoided until then. We went around the table trying different foods, it was like trying it for the first time. Finally we sat on the couch and watched a documentary on LSD where Albert Hofmann himself gives an interview in which he describes his LSD experience. I found it very difficult to concentrate on the movie, but was completely absorbed in it anyway. 

It took around another 4 hours before we were able to sleep. We had all gone to our own bedrooms. I laid in bed for at least an hour enjoying the mildly fleeting CEV's. After around 12 hours after ingestion I finally dozed off. 

The morning after I felt tired but mentally refreshed. I was unable to function on a micro level for the majority of the day and felt rather tired. It was not extremely debilitating, and after a good night's rest I felt completely refreshed, with a new mindset about how I was going to approach my life. In conclusion I think Acid is an amazing drug that gives me an insight to places mind might never take me otherwise. If proper research is done, along with mental preparation and sensible care Acid is a lot of fun!