##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

First off let me start by saying that I was not in the correct frame of mind for this experience, although I managed to enjoy the hell I percieved that night.

It was two days before halloween and I had read thouroughly into hallucinogenics before deciding what it was that I wanted to spice up my halloween party with.

The night started when I had taken two tabs of what I believe to be LSD-25, and after being mugged of forty pound I recieved a phone call of a close mate who was eager to test the potentcy of the drugs we had just recieved. I had a further 13 tabs in my pocket at this point. On the way up to his house and after being lost for an hour walking up and down the same damn road and making numerous phone calls I finally managed to catch up with him. 

At his house we took two tabs each and waited for the effects to kick in. Being the impatient mug I am I decided to take 4 more and to my suprise nothing happened. Waiting a further two hours still nothing happened. Getting frustrated I took a further two and supplied my mate with another 3. At this point nothing out of the ordinary was happening at all, so I decided to go outside for a cigarette. As I was smoking it I looked up at the door infront of me and a kaleidoscope of colours streamed through the window, all the colours of the spectrum. I thought my mate was playing a trick on me to wind me up. In my mind the tabs were duds and he had aquired a disco light. Then all of a sudden the door started petruding, falling back and melting. The glass bowed and distorted forming patterns as it did it. I thought to myself what the f**k have I just done, I've taken ten tabs of some really dodgey stuff. A third scared, a third curious and a third excited I proceeded to tell my mate that I was tripping my balls off. I looked at him and in a flash he turned into the devil then in another flash into dracula. Then back to normality. I thought it was so damn cool lol. We looked at the tv, previously playing a racing game and set on pause the tv began to reveal crypted information. We both saw a skull with a  cowboy hat, a monkey smoking a joint and a turtle moving about the bottom of the screen and lots of trees swaying about. This really started to excite us as it was just so bizzare, I've had mass hallucinations before but nothing that similar. Its almost as if our minds were on the same wavelength and we were transmitting our thoughts into eachother. I focused on the screen and eyes proceeded to fly out of it, then a white light filled my vision and then disapated. The trip had started.

Now exact times are hard to remember and there were so many events happenign this night that I will try and put them in order of time. But to me the time is fairly irrelevant, what matters is what we saw and what we percieved.

We left the house as I wanted to go to the local woods to find a cure for cancer and kill some demons as I had heard that shamans used the underworld as a means of finding cures for diseases. I looked back at my mate whos name I later found out translates into prince (what the anti christ shall be called) and his head was a pyramid and he had one huge eye at the top of the it. His long hair curled out into fractals and so did the edge of my vision. At this point I was so crazy that it all seemed very mundane. I looked up and saw the moon which seemed an infinite distance away with tunnel of clouds surrounding me and leading all the way towards it, spiraling and swilring around. Its very hard to describe as it was so intense. It was literally the best thing I have ever witnessed in my life. My mate with one eye and an unaturally huge smile said maybe if you do more than three tabs you are crazy, this just made me laugh so much. I stopped as we were walking as a tree caught my eye. The branches morphed and moved gathering together, they formed a face. I looked behind the face and it split up, I proceeded to do this a few times then grew tired of it so I stared at the face and as I did this hundreds of eyes spewed out of its own. My mate called me and we continued. At this point my hair felt like it had tentacles reaching out into space and my head was exploding and projecting my imagination into the sky, it was comprised of spirals. It was a very wierd feeling. 

Throughout the night I kept feeling satan licking the top of my brain witha  sand paper toungue. 

Arriving at the woods I looked down at the floor which was now the sky, brambles sprouted forth and I took care to balance on the brambles not falling through into the sky. I looked up and saw a flower in a spot light, but brambles grew and got in the way. I cut through the brambles with my hands, picked up the flower. In an attempt to find the demons I cut through the trees infront of me. Disintergrating them with my hands and the flower. I'm not fully aware if they were there or not but I presume they werent as how would I chop them down with a flower. Oh well not too much of this makes sense anyway. I finally came in contact with the demons then. They had dark eyes and big grins with sharp teeth. There were three of them at this point and they grew bigger and bigger, I was going to kill them, but they drew power from my fear and would have overwhelmed me if it was not formy mater turning me around. He was pranging at this point and rightly so. We were two teenagers in a wood on acid at 4 in the morning. As we walked through the wood we looked down and to our amazement felt something out of the ordinary beneeth us, and looking down we realised the actuality of the fact we were currently balancing on dead bodies floating in a giant river of blood! We edged along it holding onto eachother carefull not to fall in. My mate said ' (my name) are these dead bodies in a river of blood' I reasurred him about this. We couldnt believe that we both just experienced this. We found a park and decided to have a walk and try and suss out what on earth had just happened. There were now thousands of demons but they cud only stay in the shadows and the moonlight  meant this was a very constricting factor indeed. I was very lucky as otherwise I would have been swarmed completely and probably would not have been here to even tell the story as I now what happens to people that recieve trauma on acid. They are left in a paralell world forever. And seeing as this wasnt the prettiest state of mind  in the world I probably would have killed myself fairly shortly after. After assessing the situation we decided to walk back to my mates house.

On the walk back there were big demons in the sky throwing lightening bolts down the the earth and when I mean big I mean giant like 400 metres tall.  It was the coolest thing I've ever seen ever, hands down. They kept shifting their stance moving about and twisting. I started coming down a bit at this point and could vaguely make out people in the distance although they were covered in a  shrowd of movement, colours and general distortion. We saw a woman in her house and stared at her which must have freaked her out as it was like 5 in the morning and we were out of our faces. But she was virtually unregnisable and impossible to define.

When we got back to my mates house he still had one huge eye and all the photos of him as a child in the house had one eye. It wasnt like I focused on them and they morphed. It was instant. I could not get my head round this at all. He decided it was time for sleep and went to bed. I went for a shit and realised I was still a pathetic human, I looked in the mirror and my skin began to melt, all over, I looked at my hands and they did the same.  I tried to get to sleep and did manage eventually although I do not know how. As I was distracted completely by this shape on the wall like triangles but longer and more curved, three of them with thousands of eyes coming out of it. There was nothing on the wall but everytime I looked at it there was this thing doing shit. It started to freak me out. I smacked my head against the wall and as I looked accross it there was a street with lamps that were lit up stretching out into infinity with no horizon in sight. I put my head under the cover and lights flashed up every where it was like a miny city underneath the cover. I looked out this door that was left open and it was very tempting to go outside. My major regret of the night was not going outside because who knows what would have been waiting for me out there. But then again that could have been my downfall aswell. It will just be one of lifes misteries you know. Like why does order come from chaos. 

Anyway the next day I missed uni as my head wasnt intact at all. In the morning the tv still had the skull and all that breeze although my mate couldn't see it anymore, and all the photos still had one eye.  I sat on a park bench and a butterfly flew around me three times. It landed becide me  and its wings folded up then started distorting and crunching into different shapes. It looked so real. I actually thought it was real. The grass around me formed patterns that were completely obvious. I returned to my flat and all the posters on my wall were distoring and growing lumps out of their heads so I ripped them off the wall. Peoples heads were distoring all that day, I was worried it would stay like that forever and I prayed to god to cure me. The only remnants of the trip after that day lasted about two months were ever time I grew paranoid and I was with some they grew a giant smile and their eyes turned black, oh and things looked like they were moving when they werent. I also had some crazy closed eye visuals for a while aswell. Thank you for listening as this is a good outlet for what I experienced. If this gets posted I might put up some of my other experinces and id be interested to see if anyone can make any sense of it.