##EROWID_NOTE:SUBSTANCE_ID_QUESTION##

I have had many drug experiences in the past, and was never really fascinated by K. Every time I had done it in the past I just became really spaced out and disoriented, but nothing too extreme. 

Now, the other night I went to a Nine Inch Nails concert and was not expecting to do any hard drugs, but I wanted to as the excitement kept building for the show. I ran into some people at the front of the stage and after giving them a weed brownie (I ate one earlier while standing in line), they offered me and my friend a bump of K.

I suddenly felt alert and calm, I hadn't done any drugs for 3 months and I forgot what that drug-induced clarity feels like right after it hits me. The lights for the show went down almost immediately after I hit it and Nine Inch Nails came out on stage.

Everything was fabulous for awhile, I was in the middle of the pit being thrown and shoved around, sweating, and my body temperature rising really high but I couldn't feel any pain. I'm a 100 pound girl in a middle of a mosh pit filled with guys 3 times my size letting everyone hit me and I felt like I was just floating through all the people. 

Somewhere around mid-show, I believe I K-holed for the first time. As I was talking to a friend beside me I kept seeing black ripples in my vision like I could see but there were holes in my sight. I felt dizzy, and I don't remember falling into it, but I remember being in it.

I was enclosed in complete blackness and I heard a loud whirring in my ear that did not resemble music. I could see white outlines of people staring at me in circles above my head, like I was in a black hole outlined by silhouettes. I could not remember where I was, or how I got there. I thought that I must be in a dream, I didn't even remember hitting the K at this point. All I knew was my own consciousness, completely blind - in the dark - in utterly clear confusion.

In my head as this was happening I tried to reach out for something in the blackness and tried to recall what I had done to get me here. As soon as my mind remembered the K my vision came rushing back to me and I was being held by my friend with my arms reaching for the people in front of me. By the time I came back there was a different song being played.

This was my first experience with K-holing. I've had many acid trips and psychedelic experiences in the past but I was not expecting this kind of effect at all, it was a completely different experience. I felt comatose, like someone drugged me to sleep but my mind was awake for it. 

After that happened though, I fell into the concert and was in a trance the whole night. It seems to me like I need to look into this underdog of a drug some more. It has many layers that I was not aware of before this night.....