I have done ecstacy a total of three times in my life, and I don't think I will ever do it again. The first time was great, I went to a rave with my boyfriend to buy the pills, I never thought about doing ecstasy before but everyone I talked to said it was almost impossible to have a bad trip and that I would feel better than I had ever felt in my life. I found a friend at the rave that I trust and asked him if he had any pills, he gave me two orange hearts, one blue whale, and one yellow mitsubishi. My boyfriend and I went home to take the pills ( I didn't want to take them in a place with so many people and I didn't know how it would effect me.) When we got home his room mate and two of his friends were over, they kept telling me how great it was going to be so I got really excited. My boyfriend told me to take 2 pills because I probably wouldn't feel it otherwise, but I decided to take half of one and give the other half to one of his friends.

The trip was great, I stayed up all night listening to my boyfriend tell me how much he loved me and rubbing his soft couch. The only downfall was the next day when I felt stuck and stupid, I couldn't sleep and stayed up for a good two days before all the after effects went away, but I was happy in my choice and glad I decided to take the pill...I was also very glad I only took half of one.

I did ecstasy one more time after that, having not a great experience sitting in the bathroom puking all night after take one whole red budha. It wasn't too horrible though so I figured the next time I did it I would be with a bunch of friends.

The third and last time I did ecstacy I did it with about 7 friends and my boyfriend. We all did green glock pills, I only took half after the whole red budha experience, and we all sat around with glow sticks in my friends back yard waiting to feel the effects. It took about forty five minutes for me to feel the effects while I was sitting on my friends couch listening to some depressing techno (I truly can't stand techno, it always reminds me of this horrible trip). I put my head back as we sat in the dark and I started to feel very dizzy. The trip was coming on way too strong and all I wanted to do was make it stop. I went to the bathroom and made myself throw up, hoping that some of the pill would come up and it would lessen my trip. 

My best friend came to sit with me which I am grateful for, and talk me through the weird ways I was feeling. My brain felt like it was about to light on fire and my heart was beating so fast I started to panic. Everyone was having such a great time but I felt terrible, I couldn't be around anyone so I went upstairs to lay on my friend's bed. My cousin brought me milk because he heard that made you stop tripping (yeah pretty dumb but I would try anything to make it stop.) I drank the milk and it didn't do anything, I started getting hot flashes followed by horrible cold sweats. My body felt numb and I could practically feel my heart trying to push its way through my chest. I layed there alone and kept reminding myself to drink water. Every time I stood up I started to trip out all over again and had to lay back down. I heard someone screaming my boyfriend's name downstairs and I knew my friend was tripping out bad. She kept yelling different things and I actually started to feel better, knowing that at least I wasn't tripping out like she was. I laid there for a good few hours before I called my mom to come get me. My mind raced the whole time, I thought about everything there was to think about, life and death, movies, books, politics, you name it...it all raced through my mind. I felt so exhausted I could barely move. 

The next day everyone told me how great the pills were, I don't know why I was the only one to feel so horrible. I don't think I will ever take ecstasy again, I like to be in my normal mind and feel normal emotions. I have almost never heard of a bad ecstasy trip except mine, I don't know if some people can handle the trip better than others or it just mixed with me wrong. My warning is to always be around people you are comfortable with, drink lots of water and just wait patiently for it to start coming down.