Set out on friday night to buy 12g of dry fly agaric (amanita muscaria), but to my disappointment the shop had run out.

'We have some peruvian torch.'

Of course! Why hadn't I thought of that.

This weekend was the first weekend where I would not be doing speed from friday to monday in months due to the small amount of respect I have for my personal health. I had been reading up on legal highs especially for this weekend, as alcohol and cannabis pretty much bore me. And the only links I have to anything else would be a mission.

Dose: 40g dried peruvian torch which should be equal to about 100mgs? (I've tried and tried to find the answer and I'm just not sure...)

0 - 1 hour: I start by eating a 20g bag of dried peruvian torch, after being told that would be a hit. (I've read up on it before but forgot pretty much all info on it. So I trusted the guys word that it was a hit). A half an hour later and me being the person I am decides to buy another 20g bag and eat that down, looking forward to a hopefully pretty intense trip.

1 - 3 hours: All I feel is slight nausea, stomach pains and disappointment.

3 - 4 hours: I'm watching TV at a friends when I feel a sudden warm euphoric rush come over me. It makes me pay more attention to the fact I had taken a drug and look around the room. Well... At least I'm slightly visually tripping, the usual... Slight colour enhancement, shifting / morphing, trails and a hint of sparkle which reminded me of 2c-b. I also notice that I have the same mucus + saliva problem I get with LSD etc. Feels like theres hair everywhere.

4 - 6 hours: Visuals never really got any stronger. The waves of euphoric warmth come for only seconds at a time, while the rest of the time I'm trying to pick these damn psychedelic hairs off of my face and out of my mouth. While walking through town I feel the urge to puke. So I do. And out comes a pretty lumpy green gunk. Ah thats better... Urgh... Again... 1 more time. Ahh. I feel alot better now.

6 - 7 hours: Now completely bored of all effects from the drug I decide to go home, chill out and try and sleep.

7 - 13 hours: Spent watching TV / trying to sleep. Got annoying.

13 hours +: Sleepy time.

Summary:

Visuals: Light dose LSD crossed with light dose 2-cb. (Slight morphing, colour enhancement, trails and sparkles)

Euphoric aspect: Minimal. Very small waves of euphoric warmth occuring very rarely.

Appetite: Severely suppressed. (May have been due to my lack of preperation).

Psychedelia: None?

Note: I strangely did not want to (and did not) drink. Even when I was sure the mescaline was not working. I guess it was taking effect. I, however, did want to smoke ( I smoke normally) but got sick of the harsh smoke in my lungs after half a cigarette.

Next time: Take more!! (alot more)