
This was my first trip, and I wanted it to be the hardcore euphoric experience that the hippies had. I did not realize that potency had decreased since then. I took 6 blotter tabs at first to have a HARD trip, as my veteran friend took 5 and I wanted to out do him.

The setting is 4:20PM, Arizona desert on 4/20/01. The symbolism had something to do with it, but it was also just spontaneous that we came across this product.

4:45PM (same day): I am seeing and feeling the notes of Purple haze rolling like steam off of the car. I could taste the sand that was falling through my hands, much as Plato and Scorates did many years previous.

I took 6 more hits of the same, time is 9:00PM I am still WAY up on my first trip, but I wanted to see how fucked I could get.

And on the way home, the love of my life called me on my Cell phone, and I wrote this about our conversation, as soon as I returned home:

Night Sky:

You called tonight on your way home, 
to ask me to go outside and share 
the moon---his orb eerily red, 
seducing you with glimpses, 
between dark rain-filled clouds. 

Our life together has been driven 
by the endless phases of the moon, 
his ebb and flow silently pulling 
us from night sky to night sky, 
moments disappearing and reappearing 
in his misty tide of stars; 
glistening spots of light, 
cool against a black marble sky. 

We have a brotherhood, 
this moon and I, 
an understanding of sorrow so cold, 
and dark that time does not loosen 
the grip of pungent memory. 

I first tasted your love in his presence, 
when his star children whispered the secret, 
that we were already caught in the current, 
destined to ride his seasons, 
until he calls us no more.


I went home and didn't sleep for 3 days. I noticed that Sex with my girlfriend has a much different feel to it, when on all of the substances that I was. It was almost if it had taken a gigantic step up.

I loved the Ethereal feeling I received from this experience.

I do, however, reccomend that you not take as big of a dose as I did, even if you are a pro. I came down VERY hard and had suicidal tendancies, because I was losing my high, and I wanted it to go on forever. This caused great sadness. But I quickly ran and got more LSD 1 week later.

I trip on average 2-3 times a week, and I love it. Though, I have yet to achieve the effects I received with the first trip.