This was my first time smoking weed. Doing any drug, actually, with  the exception of alcohol. I was afraid it would be awkward, cause I was the only person in the group (there were 5 of us) that had never smoked before. My friend Kate packed the bowl, took a hit, then it was Chris's turn, then mine. She held the pipe for me and I inhaled like I was supposed to. I started coughing like crazy after a few seconds and my eyes were watering. I couldn't breathe. I doubled over for about ten-twenty seconds before I could finally sit upright. It was my turn again. I took a smaller hit this time. Kate refilled the bowl, and by my third or fourth hit, I started to feel a little different. Confused, but happy.

We smoked about three bowls between the 5 of us, maybe four, then went inside. I was looking around at everything. I started to get a slight headache. Things were weird. Everything my one friend Chris said was hilarious. We decided to walk to the train. We got there and I was sitting on the train next to Chris. He was drunk and high, and really out of it. He kept saying that we were on the train, and I couldn't stop laughing. Everything was really funny.

We walked around the city for a few hours... I honestly don't remember much of anything except being really hungry and buying something in chinatown... Finally I was going to head back home, and I was waiting for my train. Chris was taking a different train, so his arrived right after we did and I had to wait 20 minutes for my train. It didn't feel anything like 20 minutes. In fact, my sense of time was completely altered for the entire day. 

The train station had a tile pattern on the wall that is supposed to look like trees. I'd never really looked at it before, but I stared at it for 20 minutes while I waited for my train. All the colors stood out, and I could make out the shapes of the trees and sky. It was crazy.

Then I got on the train... I looked out the window and it was dark. Another train was running next to mine and I couldn't tell if we were moving or the other train was (I think we were both moving). Then it started to turn away, but it looked like it was going upward, like it was flying. I was absolutely mind-blown by it. For the rest of the train ride, I just sat and felt the train moving. I could feel it moving slow even though we were going fast, and I could feel it moving fast when we slowed down. It was crazy.

My high lasted about 12 hours, and I've never had a high last that long since (I've only smoked like 5 times though). I used to like drinking a lot but now I like smoking so much more. No hangover, everything is just... Nice.