##EROWID_NOTE:SUBSTANCE_ID_QUESTION##

Dead, and do not know what to do

I have had some pretty impractical experiences throughout my life relating to LSD, but yesterday December 10th is a day I will never forget, and I (for the most part) usually have the time of my life when I take LSD, the fact that reality is changed right in front of your eyes so vividly is very interesting. I do not know how believable I can make it sound, because I am not that good of a writer but I feel I should try to tell you my story. I can say that I could have planned out the day better, but still.. I do not think I will take any blotters for some time.
	
Me and my friend started talking about it out surfing one day and decided we hadn't gone on a journey in a couple months, and we had this urge to drop some doses (we could get it pretty much constantly so it wasn't a problem for me, but my friend took a while. I had them a couple days after out conversation already and they were sitting in my car. I had realized that my parents were going to be gone right when I woke up for quite some time so I called my friend and told him to get his tabs tonight, he wasn't able to find any and I decided I was going to fry by my lonesome. I have done this before, I have actually fried pretty hard by myself,  so I don't know what happened (I think I let the music take more control of my thoughts) I do not know how different it would have been if I was with someone. I thought as long as I had music I would be alright.	
	
So I wake up at around 9:00 o'clock, ate some food, then started sucking on three paper tabs, I never actually tasted anything on blotter tabs before, but I could actually taste a hint of some kind of chemical type thing and it tasted really weird on these tabs. I had made a couple calls telling friends to come over as soon as they were finished with work for the day. After that I lay on my back patio on my back on this chair still sucking on my papers facing the sun listening to music. Soon enough my whole entire wooden deck planks, scratches and patterns in the wood were swirling into each other and even my scars on my legs were getting pink then going to different colors,my hairs on my arm were shrinking and growing really sporadically to but I don't like to think about that one.	
	
I started to realize I was going to have a very fun trip and got a huge smile, it is about 10:30 and I am already so far gone , everything in my eyesight was doing something, it was mainly digital patters right under the skin of everything doing little swirly circle type things, and a couple shadow eyeballs in the trees. I have taken acid enough times to know sort of to make what I wan't to see (not completely of course, for ex. I could not make a naked woman appear right in front of me) but I can kind of start to control my halucinations (control as -in no matter what you will hallucinate- but kind of altar it into what you think you might of been seen in the material or whatever).
	
It was like 11:30 now and I was definitiley gone, I decided to go into my sisters room, lay on her white bed -the blanket wrinkles were all doing their own little moving and slow swaying, and the carpet had a constant blue flower pattern going across it- .fascinating. Then things started to get a little insane even though I kind of knew what was going on I continued to do it with full seriousness. I turned on the song "Welcome to the Machine" and that song made my sister's whole white room come to life and I started getting a little nervous. As I was staring at my sisters fan, the fan became alive like a sunflower and started not talking to me but nodding and making expressions, I do not remember it talking, but I was talking. I then remember I started screaming and laughing, and the fan/flower, it was making weird emotions by curling up and springing back open, I then started crying really hard. When the song had gotten to the part where it has all the talking in the room, I thought my brain had hit into another dimension the whole earth was going to collide with something else. I was tripping harder then I Can explain.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

It is like 1:00 o'clock and by this time I had moved into my room laying into a weird position and started crying, cartoons were on and I looked at the T.V.. and I thought the cartoons had started replaying back my life with the little cartoon characters, and it was all my friends and stuff. When I completely told my mind that that was really what was playing on T.V. I started crying because I had realized that it was showing my life in cartoons before I got taken away from earth and that I had died. When I would stand up everyway I leaned the walls would lean just as far back as I did except the other ways, I started laughing and crying again. I went into the bathroom and started peeing, I thought since I was dead maybe it was just something weird happening, but I would not stop peeing, I peed for like thirty minutes and I was crying and laughing hysterically while this was happening because I thought I was dead and I thought my whole body was going to completely drain out right there. I thought I was dead but could still roam this earth but could not interact with people. I had recently quit smoking (about 6 months ago) and I realized since I was dead I wanted a cigarette real badly. So I decided to get into my car and drive to the liqour store (stupid fucking idea) On my way up to the liquor store I saw a shadow eyeballs all over this one car, and from there on ouy for the rest of my night I saw shadow eyeballs (like dark outlines [but really detailed] eyeballs) in every single object I looked at.
	
I stupidly got in my car and realized I could do what ever and I would not crash into anybody else, that I would completely go right threw them and drove insanely up to the liqueur store, I left my car not even in a parking space running and went in with no money, I asked for cigarettes and she said I had to pay, her face was dramatically changing, her moles were growing and shrinking, her facial hair doing the same thing and her eyebrows moving in rhythm. I went back to my car and grabbed my debit card, I started laughing hysterically while walking into the liquor store realizing I was dead and still using my debit card, I paid for the cigarettes and opened them up right there in the liquor store leaving the trash all over the counter (I was still standing at the counter right in front of the woman),  I then realized I did not have a lighter for my cigarettes and grabbed one from the counter (you know the shelves of lighters they have right next to the register) that was in a shelve thing and lit the cigarette in the store, the lady didn't even bother to tell me to leave and she picked up the phone and  said she is calling the cops, I felt I looked even worse then a drunk man now that I think about it, because I was seriously acting like I was dead and I even asked her how do you see me. I left, and some how I was driving o.k. but sometimes my thoughts would come out loud and tell me weather to turn left or right, out loud as in like someone was sitting in the passenger seat saying right or left really loud, and then I could completely hear every single thing that I was thinking like someone was right next to me saying it out loud. When I came to a stop sign that was either left or right, for some reason I purposely made the sings turn into weird faces instead of right or left, I then picked the funniest looking face and went that way, and that's what I based off which way I should go. I somehow made it home safely. (I also now recall chilling in the middle of an intersection for about 5 minutes deciding which way to go, I was taking my time because as I said earlier I was dead so I thought if  a car needed to go they would have just gone right threw me).	
	
I got home and now it was like 3:00 o'clock, I remember sitting on my bed staring at my cell phone (the front part that showed the time [and tried to figure out the time for what about it seemed like 45 minutes]  to be able to read the time). I remember laying in my bed crying. My dad opens the garage and walks in to my room, I was able to look him in the eye  and act calm (while everything, including his face was doing something in its own weird way) only because I was so depressed I had died today, I even told him that I died before I walked out telling him I was going to get coffee, I haven't talked to him yet so we will see what happens. I was also sick at this time so I do not know if that could have had any effect.
	
By the end of the day sitting in bed, I would still consider the day an accomplishment because I went on a really intense journey, and I was definitely not still here on earth. Scary but..............