I had gotten the DMT earlier that day around 5:30PM and held onto it until I arrived home around 7:00PM. I packed my pipe full of some nice herb and put the DMT on top of it, which was all white with tiny crystal in it. I sat down with my head back and lit the pipe, I inhaled the somewhat irritating smoke and waited a few seconds, then I exhaled and quickly took another hit of my pipe, by that time, I felt myself being pulled downward and everything was fading to darkness.

I slowly looked over at my right hand with my pipe in it, and tried to take one more hit before setting the pipe down. Everything was becoming extremely intense and it was very difficult to keep my head level with the world around me, and get the pipe to my mouth to take another hit, when I finally got the pipe to my mouth, I lit it and took another puff and when I exhaled I started spiraling out of control, watching everything fade away and move away from me, or maybe I was moving away because the DMT was taking hold, but whatever the case, I was prepared for an amazing journey.

As I looked forward, I could see a dark figure spinning and making a slight humming sound, and I was astonished to see such an amazing figure with such speed and grace. The humming sound quickly turned into flashing lights of every size and color spinning and swirling around me, but then suddenly I was falling, falling into the depths of my mind. I heard the sound of wind, and I could feel it on my face, as I thought about what it is to feel something, I looked around for any part of my body, but I could not see anything, only blackness. I thought about speaking but when I tried to speak, it would echo, but what echoed back was not understandable, only really low sounds of what seemed to be my voice, but I couldn't tell. I felt a push on my back, which seemed to push me in the right direction, or push me back into myself, because as I was being pushed, I could see the faint light of what seemed to be my room, but everything was fuzzy, but as I got closer, I could see everything more clear as more and more objects came into my vision. I then felt the soft feel of my chair and the cushion on my back, it was very silent, and altogether peaceful, and it made me feel wonderful to be here now.

I took a minute to think about what just happened, I stood up and looked at my clock, it was 8:37, the trip lasted an hour and a half, which surprised me. I seemed normal, but my body wanted to mellow out. DMT is a very enlightening psychedelic drug to use, I am looking forward to trying it again.