The first time I ever tried marijuana, I was in 11th grade. I foolishly believed the misconception that one cannot get high the first time you smoke. This is most likely because of inexperience or ignorance on the proper way to take hits on the part of the first-time user. Anyhow, the first time I smoked, I took 5 deep bowl hits of very potent marijuana. For the first 5 minutes or so, I was completely normal which reinforced my belief that one does not get high when first using marijuana. While walking out of the park in which I had taken the hits, the exit all of a sudden got further and further away. A walk of about a block seemed like miles. The world began to tip left and right a bit and I lost feeling in my legs. My hearing became extremely impaired, it felt as though I was going deaf but I knew at this point that it was only the marijuana affecting me psychologically. One of my initial thoughts after the effects began to hit me was "I'm certainly never doing this again" (this turned out to be b.s. of course) My heart raced and felt like it wanted to jump out of my body. I was scared senseless and was demanding consolation from the guys I had smoked with. 
	
Yesterday, I smoked in the same park, over a year after the initial session and about 25 sessions later.  I took extremely deep hits similar to the one I had taken the first time. It only took 2 hits to completely separate me from normal perception. While this time my distorted perceptions were similar to that of the first time, I was completely ready for it and was able to convince myself that my feelings weren't as bad as I thought they were. While sometimes as unpleasant as the first experience, the distortion of perception and ostensible physiological changes that were taking place were much more manageable. I felt I was unable to swallow. The mint I was sucking on I could barely feel. Everything was numb and my eyes began to feel odd; the feeling is indescribable but I knew it meant they were going to become extremely red (which they did). I could feel food traveling down my esophagus and landing in my stomach. Besides the color of my eyes, I believe I was able to conceal my highness fairly well through my behavior. Of course everything was funny and I was extremely paranoid, but the physiological distortions in perception (such as loss of feeling and perceived deafness) were to be expected and were therefore very manageable. While I plan on smoking again, I do not intend to ever get that high again.