Welp, a few things. I've taken e before a few times, but never pure mdma powder. Also, I have been friends with my boyfriend for many years, many many years, best friends, and about eight months ago he kissed me one night and we've been together ever since. Except for periods of extensive fighting over the past two months, which have caused me to move out. Most recently I had to be physically removed from the 'premises' aka our home because I was being violent and causing a domestic disturbance. I digress (but  these things generally resolve themselves).

So after fighting all day on valentines day and I had been waitressing for seven hours at a restaurant, he decided that I could come over and we could hang out on the condition that if he asked me to leave, I had to leave. Around eleven I get to the house determined to cheer him up so first I act goofy, then I announce that I want to eat the molly and if he won't eat it with me I'll do it all by myself. He just had surgery on his nose so we ate it instead, first he licked his finger and dipped in the powder and fed it to me, then he ate some. We hung out for an hour, nothing really happened, so we ate more. 

About a half hour after that I started to feel kinda tingly and thought 'Shit, this is it!!!' and ran to the bathroom to check out my pupils. FREAKIN' HUGE SON. So I ran back and forth to the bathroom a couple times, my pupils were monstrosities, I was afraid the black was going to seep out of the 1mm of brown left and just pour into my eye (not because I was paranoid or freaking out, but because I was like, whoa, dem eyes is huge). 

So then we just hung out and I started to feel very chill, explaining that I really wanted our relationship to work, I had been driving him apart from me for the past few months, I needed to trust that he loved me and wouldn't cheat on me, then obviously I cried a little bit and he said that he hated to see me cry. We were mushy gushy for a few minutes, but in a serious manner. Then we listened to John Legend and laid on the bed.

At this point I started calm down, and was like, 'This can't already be the come down.' It was only 1:45am. So we ate more. I noticed that it definately came in waves, unlike the e pill I had eaten a few months earlier. I also noticed that this was much less intense then the e pill, meaning I wasn't talking nearly as fast, I wasn't as ridiculously psyched, I was just very warm and chilled out. I likened the molly to being a warm glass of milk. 

So about every hour we kept eating more doses. Then (wellllp I'm about to be frank here), I was laying on my belly and felt something in my butt. Yes, my boyfriend took the liberty of just putting molly in my bum. HA! Buuuut it worked. A few moments later I jolted up, revived, and really rolling. However my bum did burn a little bit. 

We chilled a little more, continually re-upping, and at 7:45 we contemplated another dose but I was like 'nah, its eight, we gotta save some more' (he had bought a gram of pure a few months ago, I would say we had half left, meaning we each took a quarter of a gram). 

The next day we literally laid in bed until four, sometimes waking up, sometimes napping, just cuddling with our black 100lb hound dog and 20 something pound cat. It was crowded but nice.

Then I noticed I was still feeling a little gooey, grinding my teeth, and exclaimed 'What if the molly you put in my bum is stuck in some crevice and its going to continually and slowly release itself and I'm fucked up for like three days?!' But that (unfortunately) was not the case.

Walking was really hard (probably from the molly AND from being sedentary for about 18 hours) and taking a shower was tough. I just sat under the water. Went and got breakfast and ordered bacon... Holy shit, my teeth were so sore from the grinding that the bacon was killlllllllling me. I ate about a half a pancake and was fulled up. 

In conclusion, molly and e were different. Molly was actually more mild, but next time I'm going to eat a whole shiteload off the bat and see what happens. Yes, some will probably go up my bum. With molly I grinded my teeth a lot (but not with e), so yeah. 

 Definately helped us relax and for me personally, I came to a lot of conclusions about needing to grow up and trust my boyfriend, he's 26 and I'm 21 so I really need to stop acting like a little hs biddie and believe he loves me. Furthermore, with e the next next (ie sunday) day was a bummer, I was sorta depressed and thought 'Oh my god, he will never love me as much as he did last night ever again!!' but with the molly I'm  just back to my normal self. 

I love this drug but I know if I do it more than once a month I'll destroy my brain. Unfortunately :o )