Last friday was a very big day for me, it was the day I finally tried DMT.

Preface:

Several months, no, some time over a year ago, I was listening to Coast to Coast AM, with George noory, and the guest was Dennis McKenna.  He was talking about DMT, ayahuasca.  He was talking about medical theory behind it, how people all over the world had remarkably similar experiences with it, and how our brain typically releases trace amounts of it upon death, or near death-experiences.  He seemed to be an intelligent fellow, he wasn't doing it 'just to get high', he researched the culture around it before diving in head first.  After that night I researched ayahuasca, and DMT, eventually I found others' trip reports online, and upon reading them, I knew I had to try DMT.

Fast Forward just over a year: After talking to my smoking buddy about DMT, we decide to find it.  It took us longer than we would have liked, but eventually we found out where to get some.  We got a good bit of it, and we just sat on it for the better part of a year, that is until this past friday.

Meat & potatoes (main body, what have you):

We started the evening drinking some beer and watching SouthPark online.  As always it was funny.  it was what we usually did when we chilled on Friday nights.  Later we would usually Play MarioKart on the Wii, or smoke Pot, while listening to Sitar music, Jefferson Airplane, or watching TV upstairs, but not tonight.  My Smoking buddy reminded me about the DMT we had purchased so long ago.  It made me slightly nervous, but it was more excitement than anything else...

We turned on an indigo lamp, and turned the main lights off.  We started listening to Sitar music, but this time we turned on the iTunes visualiser, and the mood was perfect (A lot of people say mood is very important for DMT). I was going to go first, since it was my idea I suppose.  I had the little crystals in the bowl piece of my bong, with some rolling paper for it to soak into, or to help it turn into a gas, or something like that.

The first toke was plasticky, just like everyone says, but it wasn't nearly as harsh as I had expected, I didn't even feel like I needed to cough.  I did, but not until the 2nd hit.  By then I was coming to understand how people would drop things while tripping on DMT.  I didn't feel tingly, but I didn't feel normal either.  Strangely though, it didn't make me the least bit nervous. My vision faded for a moment, and my friend's voice along with the music was distant, but only for a fleeting moment.  Colors were extremely vivid and offset for just a moment after that, and then my body felt strange and good.  Just after that I felt a sudden sensation that a fog had cleared in my mind, or some mental equivalent to getting a breath of fresh air after having held your breath.  It is hard to describe, but at that moment I decided I would have to do DMT again. 

In my mind's eye I could see intricate patterns overlain everything in the room, then I remembered to close my eyes, and boy was I glad I did. I saw what appeared to be a boundless fluid tapestry, like a mosaic not of tiles and grout, but of color and thoughts.  It showed to me dozens of grand, and uncanny sceneries, it was like shifting sand, pausing momentarily to show me things.  It felt, though, almost like a phrase, like a communication.  I feel the fluid tapestry was an entity, of boundless wisdom, and infinite benevolence, not a god per se, it was less arrogant than that. It is a wonderful thought to think that such a being may exist, and an even more wonderful thought, that such a creature would be so kind as to recognize me.

I hope to venture there again, as this was undoubtedly an experience I would, and intend to repeat again.