The most incredible thing happened to me last night. It wasn't about rolling, or getting super fucked up, either. That was an amazing bonus, but this was about me learning to think for myself.

I will be turning nineteen next month, and for all of my life, my parents and friends have had a view on drugs that they can only be abused, that they are bad, and so on and so forth. So, when I was offered some E (Green Nikes) at Seattle's Folklife Festival the other night, I was so hesitant. So scared. Couldn't take them right then, but hugged my friend and decided to take the plunge. Decided to take them at home and face this irrational fear I had of drugs. As I told him, "If I don't end up doing it tonight, I won't at all." I have a habit of way overthinking things, and I definitely find I spend way too much time hesitating. So, as I sat in my room, water in one hand and these two little pills in the other, it was time to make or break it. Swallowed them and immediately freaked out. What was I getting myself into? At this point, my mindset was nervous, but still excited. I had a feeling this was going to be a very major thing for me, and now that I had taken them, there wasn't really much I could do to go back. 

I started feeling it about half an hour after taking them. I kept texting my friend who had given them to me. I was feeling incredible.

It was absolutely crazy. Everything felt amazing. I laid down on the carpet and just laid there for ages, texting my friend non-stop. I can't even begin to describe, or do it justice. I felt like I never have before. Even on my best day, the euphoria was nothing like what I was going through at that moment. It was almost overwhelming. The ceiling lights were bright and everything was just perfect.

I took the pills at 11:30. As I sit here writing this at 8:13 the next morning, I am still feeling the effects. 

I couldn't have imagined that my first brush with any sort of drug would be this good. I was partial to doing it alone the first time strictly because I wanted to see how I would react, but I can imagine that rolling with my friend will only be better.

For me, this was not about just a high. This was me facing my fear about anything mind altering and giving myself a chance to form my own opinion based on my own experiences, and not someone else's.

And the opinion is fantastic.