san pedro lesson

So I was recently scammed into trying san pedro cactus. I had heard a lot of crap about it on the internet, and it seemed legit. It seemed impossible this many people could lie about it, and if it was a scam it was the most incredible scam ever perpetrated.

So I bought a big cactus that was a foot in length and very thick, a really phallic looking thing that made me feel inadequate in comparison. I chopped this cucumber like thing up and put it in a pot of water, with lemon and lime juice and boiled the stuff for hours. I then strained it out and kept the green bits. I placed them in an oven and dried them on low heat, which took about a day to complete. Aftewards, I crushed them up in a coffee grinder and put the powder in gel caps. There was about 40 of them and about a cup of brown smelly water. 

I drank the water down. God, this was possibly the most horrible tasting stuff I had ever tasted. It is difficult to describe how bad it was, because it is subtle at first but then creeps up on me. It's like drinking bitter rotten v8 juice with a nasty after taste that made me gag uncontrollably. I managed to get this stuff down the hatch and then popped the gel caps down my throat. All this stuff in my stomach did not feel good at all, and I realized I was going to be very, very sick. Slowly as my stomach digested the rotten cucumber tasting stuff I felt the first waves of nausea hit me. I felt icy cold but was also sweating profusely. Good god, I thought to myself, what had I done. I realized I was in for a hell of a night.

I spent three hours in a hellish limbo of agony, I was so sick I thought I was dying. Still I had not thrown up and couldn't, I didn't want to move at all, I was incredibly ill. I felt waves of freezing cold shoot through my body and then I would feel intensely hot and sweat. The discomfort was so bad at one point I wrapped myself in a fetal position trying to desperately hang on to my life. Then suddenly the illness just left my body all at once. I felt alive again, completely lucid. I was so glad to be alive I was high on it. I had survived my death trip into cactus hell, I was filled with ecstacy and joy that somehow, I had escaped certain death. I was just thankful for the illness to have been over. Afterwards I watched TV and laughed and really enjoyed the rest of the night. I didn't trip balls though, I was just thankful the stuff had been purged from my body and I was still alive.

They make cool looking plants but I won't eat one ever again. Seriously, there was nothing recreational about this at all. It was a near death experience. The only thing good that comes out of this is that when it's over I felt so fucking thankful to be alive and so happy, and I became so aware of other people's sufferings and have compassion and empathy for the human race and no longer can be angry with their stupidity.