The Worst Experience of My Life

I've rolled about twice a year for the past 4 years and it's always been AMAZING. But this time, not so much.

Me and my friend got some e and went back to my house. First we each took one pill. I cut mine in half and waited. Nothing was happening so I took another half and then another. I started to feel a little lifted but not the same as I usually feel when I roll so I figured I would take another half. This is when I started to 'roll'.

My friends dad came over to smoke some weed with her but for some reason I didnt want to be bothered by anything so I sat on the front porch. Even the sound of their voices irritated me. I was feeling good but I felt like everything was trying to bring me down. 

I started seeing faces in the trees that looked like demons and I told myself that they were trying to bring me down but I laughed at them because 'nothing could bring me down'. I was feeling good for a while and I felt like I wanted to do so much but I just couldnt. 

This is when I went inside to take another half of a pill. Before I took it I went in the bathroom and forced myself to puke because I thought it would make me feel better but it didnt. It made everything worse. I came back out and took the half and went back out on the porch. I started hallucinating real bad and I was paranoid at every car that would drive by. I was trying to center my thoughts to make everything ok but every time I would move or talk or hear anything, everything would go bad again. I knew I was having a bad trip but I didnt want to admit it.

I kept having to pee and while I was in the house I could see demons everywhere. Even in the wood on the floor. Finally I went into my room to lay down and as I was laying with my hands over my face I felt like I was in hell. The devil was coming for me and the only thing that would make things ok was reaching out to god. I layed there for what seemed like forever praying for god to take this away from me. Please forgive me for my sins and take this drug from me. 

I finally got up and felt a little better but still not good at all. I kept thinking of all the bad things I had been doing and if I died right now I've done nothing with my life. I just layed in my bed staring at the ceiling until my friend left and my sister came home. I told her I just wanted it to go away. As I was laying there I felt like I was dying and I believe I was. I felt my heartbeat slowing and I begged god to let me live. 

Slowly SLOWLY the drug wore off. Finally around 6 am I felt ok enough to get out of bed. The whole next day I felt so out of it I had my phone off the whole day because I couldnt talk to anyone.

The worst experience of my life.