After setting up my campsite at Bonna '09, I was lying on the grass trying to stay out of the sun when a guy in his mid 20's walked up to me and asked me if I wanted some molly. I said no politely and he proceeded on his way, before he was out of view though I yelled across for him to come back. I asked him if he knew where I could get some acid. He told me to follow him, I did. We walked two tents over from mine to a group of tents under a large green tarp, that I later named 'tent city'. The guy said wait here and walked into the darkness that lurked in tent city, about a minute later he returned with another mid 20's guy.

Mid 20's guy number two walks up to me and we shake hands, the other guy walks away.
"what do you need" he says
"lsd" I reply
"Is two for 15 alright with you?" he asks
I reply with a simple nod of my head and he creeps back into tent city. I wait anxiously for him to return, after about 5 minutes he comes back.
"I cut these strips pretty fat, so enjoy"
"Thanks man, I appreciate it" I shake his hand again.

We go our separate ways, I return to my campsite ecstatic to drop for the first time in over 3 months. Upon inspection of the tabs I realize its 3 tabs cut into 2 making them both rectangular shapes rather than squares with a small perforation going through one side. I decided that night will be the night I take it, with no hesitation I pop the first in my mouth. I wait a little while for the second because I don't know the strength of the blotter and I wanted to get a feel for the strength without it hitting me like a train.

Everything is going well and I feel the acid and I see the bands I intended on, so I pop the second. I feel the second everything is a little bit nuts but definitely something I have under control. I go see the last band I wanted to see of the night and me and my friends head back to our campsite. I'm having a really good time when I get there so I decide to smoke a joint of this killer weed I had picked up specifically for Bonnaroo. I start to feel odd, unexplainably odd, I get into my tent take off my shoes and lay down onto my back looking up at the ceiling of the tent. I start to see some pretty intense waves on the walls, it starts to storm outside and the whole tent is shaking. Lighting was crashing all around me my heart was pounding and I felt as though I couldn't breathe. I feel myself being pulled away from everything around me very quickly. I tried to tell my friends I was having a bad trip, but they didn't know what to do because they didn't have any experience with psychedelics like I have. All I could do is lay there and take it in, suddenly I couldn't tell if my eyes were opened or closed. My first thoughts is that I was dead balancing between heaven and hell in some kind of purgatory type realm, I figured I OD'd. I talked myself down by saying repeatedly to myself "you can't OD on lsd". It became like a song in my head, a beat. After what felt like years I realized I wasn't dead and where I was. For a short amount of time I was under control.

I looked about the tent and it became a different place then a tent in Manchester, TN on the Bonnaroo campgrounds. It became an open field of tall grass swaying back and forth with many hills and a light blue sky. Slowly it became the tent again, everything was out of place and nothing felt quite right. I couldn't do anything but close my eyes and try to ignore it, when I closed my eyes though all I could see was a small cube of multicolored lights that said something in the middle, as I kept my eyes closed longer it got larger and larger. As it became larger it was very clear what it said: YOU ARE ON LSD in bold letters. Every time the colors changed I could feel each individual color pour into me but not my body into me, as in my soul. After what felt like years it went away, all I could see was black. I began to transcend  my body, I felt my body dissipating from me. I was my soul out of my body, racing through space, stars shooting past me, free beyond any way of describing it. I then transcended time and space, I reached total inner peace and connection with myself. At this point I believe that I was at a ++++ on the Shulgin Rating Scale. I don't remember anything that happened past this point, I passed out.

The next morning I awoke shaking, I got out of the tent and walked to the bathrooms. On my way a group of people stopped and asked me if I was ok, I said yes and realized I must look like absolute shit from the complete and utter mind fuck that had taken place the night before. I thought I had a bad trip, I now realize that's completely opposite of what happened. I reached who I really am as a person and am forever changed by the first night of Bonnaroo 2009.