I had been hearing a whole lot of fuss about dmt for a while in the last past year. It started in 08 and Schwagstock 37 when I had been offered it by a mysterious guy in the crowd who had said it was 'The most intense fucking thing ever.' I passed back then do to the lack of money at the time.

As time went on my curiosity grew and this year at Springjam in april I had been hearing a whole lot about dmt once more. I went and talked to my brother and my friends and then decided I would like to buy a bag. We went to go find the guy that said he had it earlier and he was no where to be seen, we started asking around and a friendly man in the crowd told us to just ask around for frodo and say we wanted to 'blast off'. We found his tent and he pulled out four bags, 3 white ones and one containing yellow and white crystals, which he called the 'madman', being me I chose the mad man.

He said since it was my first time doing it he'd watch over me, there was a guy there that was getting ready to smoke it, I saw him and he looked like he was having a very pleasant time. I thought that I was going to have a great time, thinking the trip would be like a good lsd or mushroom trip just a shorter duration. How very wrong I was.

I sit there in the chair and he packed a little bit of marijuana into a bowl and used a car key to scoop a little out of the bag and put ontop of the bud. I went to hold the bowl and he wouldnt let me, saying the dmt might overwhelm me and I would drop his peice.

I drew the hit in and it was surprisingly harsh to me. It had a strange odor as well. Within 15 seconds of me hitting the dmt I started hearing a very loud ringing in my ears, I could not hear anything else almost as if I were deaf. I fell back into the chair and focused onto the grass, specifically one patch of grass that turned four blades into spinning spikes, I looked up and everything I saw looked strange. The only way I can describe the things I saw was as if I were born again and did not know what anything was. When my eyes were open I saw vibrant colors and objects that I could not make out. Shapes swirled, I couldnt make them stay the same for the life of me. I closed my eyes hoping I would just ease my way out of it, it was becoming way to intense with my eyes open.

When I closed my eyes it went instantly to dreaming while being awake. Very vivid closed eye visuals. It was like 9 hours worth of random dreams packed into a 10 minute period. It was as if I were awake again and I said I was feeling nothing and I ripped the bag in my hands and threw it at my face, not only feeling yellow and white crystals fly into my face, but tasting and hearing them go into my flesh as well. Then things started flashing quicker and quicker. Almost like in a movie where some one has a near death experience when everything flashes before there eyes. I saw the ambulance lights, me being pronounced dead, then I saw people I knew, all of them crying. I watched the person who sold it to me kill himself. My family crashed on the way to the hospital to see me, my girlfriend and other friends crying at my grave on a rainy day. Then everything went dark.

I thought I was dead, I was in a tunnel of random kaleidoscopic shapes and colors. I remember thinking so now I'm dead. Scared shitless I started talking in my head. Little did I know I was speaking outloud as well. I thought I was speaking gibberish. But I was saying clearly to the around me I just wanted it to be over.

I opened my eyes and realized I was not dead everything I saw was strange again. I thought I had become retarded everything was strange.

When I finally came down for the next couple minutes everything still looked odd, so I sat there in the chair until everything was normal and went back to our campsite. I sat there for 5 hours without touching any other drugs, not even pot. I ended up giving all of it away to random people who liked it.