T = 0:00
Ingested the shrooms, tasted completely foul but that's normal.
Mindset: Thinking nothing's going to happen.
Set: My house, later on I'm out and about in my suburb.

Absolutely no preparation was made for this trip, which in hindsight was somewhat regrettable. If I had prepared, I probably wouldn't have experienced the paranoia that I did at the train station.

T = 1:00
Everything is starting to shimmer and move.
I distinctly remember the computer screen made everything very colourful.
My entire computer is moving back and forth.

I get ready to go down the street, takes about a billion years because I'm abnormally self-conscious (dunno why). Eventually get out, trippin balls something baaaaaaaad. I reach the train station, sit down and wait. While I'm waiting I all of a sudden come to the realization of 'holy shitt, I'm on very hard drugs and I don't think I'm ready for them. uttttt it was way too late for that. The train platform starts moving in a pattern similar to that snake optical illusion.

T = 1:30
On the train, there are like 10 little girls dressed as fairies on the train.
Wondering what the fuck is happening.
I get off the train and start walking, although at this point I'm not walking, the ground is just moving in order for me to reach my destination.
Wander around the suburb for god knows how long (and god knows why), end up sitting down and feeling very paranoid.
Uh oh! Cops are driving past. They fuck off though, and I go and get some smokes.

I cross the road and sit down, coming to the realization that everyone is going somewhere, and when they get there they're going somewhere else. Me, I'm going absolutely nowhere. I have no money, forgot my key to the house and have absolutely nothing to do.

So I chill on a bench and marvel at how amazing everything is. I'm listening to some hardstyle megamix and I close my eyes. All I see is red, then a colourful grid pattern.
I open my eyes and the most intense part of the trip is gone

T = 2:30
I walk back home, apply for a casual job at a restaurant near me and wander back in the direction of my house.

On the way back I see T, who's heading off with X to Sherbrook Forest to do some trippin themselves. I hang out with them for a bit, catch a train for no reason, catch a train back and then bang! all gone.

I don't recall a lot of the trip, but I do remember that I was completely unprepared for it. I ate them expecting absolutely nothing to happen, but man, did it happen.