This was going to be my first experience with acid. I had done many weeks of research online, as well as getting physically prepared for the experience by ridding my mind and my life of any negative influences.  I was well rested, my mind was ready and I had recruited one of my best friends, more like a brother to me, to help me with my first acid trip. He had been using acid for a few years and I wanted some one I could trust who could guide me through my experience.

We had decided on dropping the acid in the early evening. We met up around six pm on a Friday and headed out in search of a campground. Around eight pm, we decided we had to settle down and find a place to drop the acid, so we rented a hotel room. 

We both took one hit around eight thirty pm. Around nine pm, we took our second hit. It was about this time we decided to go for a walk and get some pop to drink. We went to the hotel store and I started to trip out around this time. 

We then headed to what I believe was a farmer's property. It was a long winding path and completely dark. The sky started to transform. The clouds turned purple and green and I knew I was really starting to trip out. We then found our way to a body of water, which looked amazing. As we were admiring it, two skunks came along. My friend had to stop me from trying to pet them =) The stripe on their tails was changing from green to purple and I felt no harm in petting them. This was when my friend decided it was time to go back to the hotel room.

Once there, we sat facing each other for what seemed like forever. I was watching his beard turn to fire, then to water. The whole setting was quite strange, the wall paper was very strange looking and so was the carpet. I was focusing too much on it and it consumed a large part of my trip. Eventually my friend snapped me out of it sometime in the morning. From this point on everything seemed like it was energy. My friend was a mere outline of blue and red and there was a green vibe to everything. The usually color changing and strange shadows were there as well.

It was now early morning and as I lay in bed I remember tracing the designs of the wall paper. Finally the sun was beginning to come up. This was when it started to get very beautiful for me. I stepped outside to smoke a bowl of ganja, and everything was amazing. Every blade of grass, every leaf. I remember looking down as I was getting ready to toke and it hit me how amazing all this was. I had never seen colors so bright, I had never seen colors or trees or grass in this way before. It changed my view of the normal things we take for granted in life such as the beauty of nature. What a beautiful gift we have all been granted. This to me, was the reason I wanted to try LSD. My eyes were now open.

My friend and I decided it would be nice to head to the beach to check out the view. We left the hotel and the drive was also amazing. I could feel the music we had playing, like REALLY feel it. There were little sparks of energy on the power lines that coincided with the music. The colors were still amazing and I felt truly happy. When we arrived at the beach, It was quite amazing. I felt like I had panoramic vision and could see to the side of my head. It was something I will never forget, it was beautiful.

We now decided it was time to go home and get some sleep. When I got home, I was home alone. With every step I took, it seemed like there was vegetation growing around my foot, quite beautiful looking. I then took a shower; I have never in my life felt every water droplet hitting my skin, it was very amazing. I then went to lay in bed and could not sleep because of the visuals every time I closed my eyes. I could see diamonds and other geometric shapes. 

LSD has opened me to what the human brain is capable of and what we all seem to suppress on a day to day basis. It was nice to take some time out of life to 'stop and smell the roses'. It has completely changed my life in a way no other psychoactive ever has. It has made me very passionate about nature and its beauty. It has given me a new appreciation for art and music and has made me much more aware of myself as a human being. It has also sparked a great interest in the human mind and how we all function. I am forever grateful for these gifts I have been granted and can only wish for every one to try this at least once in their life, so that we may all see what we are truly capable of . =)