I'll try to make this as brief as possible. I've tried cannibis, kanna, Kratom, Percocet, Magic Mushrooms, amanita muscaria mushrooms, salvia 5x and 10x, Blue Lily, ayahuasca, hawaiian baby woodrose, peruvian torch cactus, and alcohol in the past. My favorites are capitalized. In order of worst tasting: 1) Ayahuasca 2) Amanita muscaria 3) Cactus 4) Magic Mushrooms.

My all time favorite drug (or sacrament) is hands down Magic Mushrooms. I had previously tried eating a raw 6 inch cutting of Peruvian Torch Cactus 'Yeah, no good luck with that...' and felt nothing after downing that putrid shit. I threw up horribly as well... For a whole year now I could still remember the taste too. But recently I decided to try cactus again. 

I got a 16-inch cutting of San Pedro (Trichocereus / Echinopsis pachanoi), used Preparation 5. Then cooked the final product down to 2 shot glasses worth. I quit using Kratom several days before because I didn't know if there would be an adverse effect in taking both, didn't want to risk it. I mentally prepared myself for about 5 days beforehand and set up things I could do during the trip the day before.

8:46AM - First shot of cactus, holding nose I can still taste its strong putrid taste... that's how I know it tastes REAL bad. I immediately slosh mouthwash after and taste nothing at all in my mouth.

9:11AM - Feel a slight tinge of something in my body. Placebo maybe but I don't think so in retrospect.

9:17AM - Take second shot of cactus, slosh mouthwash. No taste in mouth at all except for mouthwash taste.

9:30 - 10AM - Nausea, stomach is grumbling, want to throw up but not badly enough to go to the toilet or trashcan. Just lay down a while.

9:58AM - Eat a cup of yogurt.

10:10AM - Nausea decreasing slightly.

10:17AM - I have perfect rhythm to the trance music I'm listening to. Like my body is doing it involuntary.

10:21AM - Start drawing a trippy picture.

10:30AM - Feel something coming up through my body.

10:34AM - BOOM!!! My body feels like an orgasm of movement to the beat of the music. Lots of people say Ecstasy feels like Mescaline, I imagine this is probably what it's like. I want to jump up and down to the music but I refrain and continue drawing.

10:56AM - Body feeling still strong. Some time dilation, it never gets anywhere as strong as time dilation on magic mushrooms though. Very very OEV tracer , these only last for about 20 minutes.

11:21AM - Still drawing and listening to trance music. Almost threw up but just kept spitting. I actually want to throw up at this point it it means I can get rid of the nausea but I never do.

11:37AM - Nausea levels off to the same point it will stay till 5PM.

12:14PM - Drawing is finished, it looks astounding. Literally the best drawing I've probably ever done. I drink a Pepsi.

12:23PM to 1:12PM - Talk to my friend K online. For a moment I can't type right, like my mind is trying to come up with better words than the original words during the conversation. This ends after a few minutes. My mind is racing but my vision is completely normal. I close my eyes and am in space with planets spinning around stars, stars around galaxies, and galaxies around universes. I am talking a lot about physics and how collisions are the key to our Universe and how wonderful they are. Body high still present. Strong points of body high come intermittently. Closing my eyes makes me feel less nauseas.

1:18PM - My book Doors of Perception by Aldous Huxley came in the mail, what a coincidence in timing.

1:45PM - Decide to go for a walk. Was going to walk for 4 miles but it's 100 degrees outside in mid August so I only go two and half. Took pictures along the way. Was amazing, I loved every minute of the walk, even the incredible heat and sunlight. I embrace it. I don't really notice the trip anymore during the walk. I thought the trip had ended. I just look in amazement at how perfect the outdoors look. I even see a deer run past me!

Approx 3:20PM to 4AM - Back home. I take a cold bath. Only to realize the trip ISN'T over. The body high is still going however only just. After the cold bath I take a hot bath then a hot shower. In the cold bath I establish that there is no God, no one great consciousness, no Heaven, nothing after death. Not out of animosity, I just realize that I've been thinking that all along and that I truly believe there isn't one. No offense to anyone. Magic mushrooms had always given me a strong sense of spirituality in the past, which I might end up going back to after another magic mushroom trip but for the moment I believe in nothing but physics.

4:08PM - Still feeling some slight effects and some nausea comes back. Nothing I can't handle. Am hungry. Go to Church's Chicken to eat.

4:14PM - Spinning body feeling coming back slightly.

Approx 5:30PM - Trip is over.

In summation this trip was different than I thought it would be. The nausea was the worst part of all, I'm doing an acid base extraction in the future. I did enjoy the longevity of the trip. I will definitely try cactus again but for some reason Magic Mushrooms are still calling to me as my favorite. Mushrooms were my first hallucinogen and I was reborn the day I first did them, I still celebrate Dec 1st at my 'other' birthday to this day. With cake and all!!! haha.

Next time (when I do the acid base extraction) from San Pedro, Bridgesii, or Peruvian Torch because the nausea sucked and I kept spitting for hours every time I felt sick. I will definitely use about 2 feet if not More. Because though 16 inches was amazing, don't get me wrong, I felt like I was right on the edge of so much more. And I don't feel at all afraid to do that much more cactus either, and I'm not the kind of person who just haphazardly ups the dose that high. 

It wasn't scary at any point, I felt completely in control the entire time. The only thing it was really lacking was open-eye visuals. And to a big extent the close eyed visuals weren't even as strong as the 2 gram dose of magic mushrooms I took several months ago, REALLY. That was disappointing. The mental trip and body high were both impressive. But again although philosophical thought was flowing it was NOT as flowing as my magic mushrooms and time dilation not as severe as magic mushrooms either.

I would like to try LSD sometime but have never found anyone with it. Until further notice Magic Mushrooms still wins regardless of it's shortness of trip.