The very first time I did mushrooms, I was only 15 years old. My friend had just spent about 85 bucks on mushrooms, it was kind of spontaneous, a kind of we had the money and he had the drugs deal. Me and about 5 other people were standing in a path way that ran behind some of the houses in my neighborhood. The boy that bought them handed each of us and equal amount of caps and stems, most of the people ate theirs then, but I wanted to when I got home. It's kind of dumb, as soon as we got them we got kicked out of where we were staying, so we already had to break up. My good friend John was staying over, though, and as soon as we got in my room I ate 3 caps and 3 stems.

It actually came on really fast, John had taken his in the path, so he was already laying in my bed taking about a purple spot on my ceiling. I laid down with him and as soon as I looked at my ceiling I saw a purple spot too. I had a comforter on my bed that had alot of bright colored flowers and, we both began to look at it, as soon as I started to pay attention to the flowers I got rainbow vision! Like I had a piece of rainbow colored plastic over my eyes. I then turned to look at my wall to realize the main subject I was looking at was black and white, and everything else was rainbow! It was probably the most intense visualization I've ever had, next to salvia, maybe. Time made no sense, minutes felt like hours, hours felt like minutes, my perception of time completely didn't exist. My friend had called me, and I was laying on the floor half way in my closet talking to him, and john kept yelling at me to get off the phone, that I had been on it for hours, we both agreed I had been talking for a long time, but when I looked at my phone the next day it said I had been talking for ten minutes, I felt like I had talked to him for 2 hours or more.

At one point I felt like I was underwater, and everything around me was too, my street looked like it was underwater, like I was in sponge bob world. I also felt like water was coming out of me, out of my ears, nose, and mouth, and I couldn't stop spitting. I had spit so much in my room I finally got a hoodie to spit on. I stood up, which was a weird feeling, [I always liked being on the floor on mushrooms, it makes me feel safe] and looked at the flowers painted on my wall as they were growing, it was so fucking psychedelic, these flowers were moving and growing and dancing, it was crazzzyyy!

It wasn't all good, though, at one point I ran into my bathroom and as soon as I opened the door I threw up everywhere, and I kept going in my room, not sure if I had cleaned it up or not, I must have went back and forth from my room to the bath room 5 times before I realized I had finally cleaned it up. There is also a nagging 'not so good' feeling, and nausea. Some of my friends say they don't get nauseous, though, so it depends on the person I guess.

I've only done mushrooms a few times, I don't do them often because they make me nauseous, and I don't like that feeling. It was a wonderful experience overall and I would do it again, mushrooms are a true psychedelic, that opened my miiiind [[[=