I am going to do my best to describe my experience from last night. Some of it is still hard for me to comprehend.

I have tripped on mushrooms 4 or 5 times prior to this. None of those experiences have been very spiritual or mystical in any way other then interesting visuals and a strong body high. I have also taken salvia twice, and the first time I ever tripped on salvia I had an extremely moving and disturbing experience where I felt as though my reality was crashing down around me. I literally went from being in my friend's apartment to being in a small suburban town where children were telling me that my life wasn't real.

Anyway I wasn't expecting a spiritual experience from the mushrooms I was expecting fun lights, colors and sounds. My friend and I ate our mushrooms around 9pm. He had a bit more then me because I couldn't stomach the taste of my peanut butter and mushroom sandwich.  We also smoked a bowl of weed. 

The night started out normal, interesting textures that looked like they were constantly moving, music was moving these colors.  About 3 hours into the trip I look over and realize that my friend was goo-ing and gah-ing like a baby and I realize we were in like a baby's room of some sort. I was on Pandora trying to play Comfortably Numb by Pink Floyd that my friend kept requesting and requesting only all I could see was my computer seeing, "No, that's not what I want". Which I interpreted as the computer telling me that I didn't want to be comfortably numb.

That's when I snapped too and told my friend I needed to go to bed, I couldn't stay around him anymore. He is a good friend of mine but I was seeing him for "who he really was" which wasn't really positive. Then my body was trying to explain to me that he was coming into my life and I was seeing it from the outside. Like I was watching a movie of me and my life only very abstract. (This whole time we were sitting on my porch)

I then walked through my house and up to my bedroom. As I was passing my living room Planet Earth was on. They were discussing the whale and the parenting habits of the this particular whale which I interpreted as going from the baby's room of childhood to being an adult woman physically ready to bear children. My house had now become me and my body.

When I went to my bed I tried to sleep but couldn't. Everything in my body was tense and that's when I started to see God. 
How can I explain the next couple of hours? I started thinking about certain people in my life and my connection with them. How we all are linked together but certain people you feel stronger connections with. I have never been one to believe in soul mates or fate but suddenly I knew who my soul mate was and that it was "fate" or a pull to this person. 

The most important feeling that was pulling at me last night was the urge to tell people. It suddenly became important for me to spread this information to people. I suddenly knew that the Earth was God and that I was God. I could control anything and everything and I could do anything I wanted. I saw myself for who I was: a fighter, I fight against everything, I want power above all (not to control others but to control myself), and I wanted to see. It is hard for me to describe how powerful all of this was, I couldn't ignore it even if I wanted to. 

There was a time when I thought I was dying or already dead. Almost convinced. Not because my body had stopped working but because my mind was expanding. Next thing I know I am waking up to my phone ringing.