One beautiful July evening, two friends and me decided it was a prime time to eat some acid. I was giddy with excitement so I called up my dealer and bought six hits, two for each of us. As soon as we got our hands on it, we put the vinegary paper on our tongues and began walking towards the beach.

As we arrived at the beach, the effects began slowly creeping upon me. I was light, and felt as if I were floating like a fairy. Everything I looked upon began to get that familiar halo-like outline to it. We passed through a huge crowd who were watching the Fourth of July fireworks.

We came to a large patch of grass with tall trees all around and decided we should lie down there. This is when I began to come up. My body started to feel electrically numb. The fireworks and stars were breathtakingly fantastic. We noticed a large group of alpha-male types having a vicious circle fight right near us so we got up and moved on.

At this point I was aware that time had gone out the window. My mind became flooded with rapid-fire thoughts. I was dumbfounded when I looked up to notice the grass and dirt beneath my feet waving like a liquid ocean. I walked up to a tall evergreen and put my hand on it. It was as if I could feel the tree exuding some life force onto my hand.

One of my friends ran into two friends of his and we followed them to one of their apartments. When we walked down the apartment hallway, I hallucinated massively. As I walked down the hallway, black paisley patterns would be magically painted onto the walls in my wake. We arrived at the apartment and all sat down on the couch to roll up a fat joint or two. Every time I closed my eyes a brilliant shimmering curtain of rainbow colored flower petals would dance about.

At this point in the trip I experienced a level of awkwardness difficult to even describe. I couldn't keep eye contact with anyone because I felt they were reading my thoughts. When I glanced up at my friends buddy he appeared to have four eyes and an elongating stretching chin. A little freaked out but nothing to worry about, just a side effect of the drug. However, throughout the entire trip I was laughing and giggling on and off.

When the joints were rolled we proceeded outside into the night and climbed on top of the restaurant my friend worked at. Up there on that roof we watched the town below and smoked joints. On the way down I almost stepped off the roof due to a lack of being in my body. This scared the shit out of me and I slapped myself back into it and climbed down the ladder.

Later one friend left to catch the bus home so my one friend and me left wandered aimlessly around the dark streets of our small town. We walked up some round grassy hills and then lied down on the top. This was one of the coolest parts of my trip. I was literally leaving my body and flying into the complex cosmos of stars. We lay there for an immeasurable amount of time.

Eventually, I became exhausted and decided to go home. Bad idea. When I got there I lay naked on my bed in the fetal position. My mind began working overtime and hyper-analyzing my life and future. This was mentally exhausting and I was still slightly tripping when the sun rose the next day.

Overall, a very positive experience and it will not be my last.