Tour of the DMTverse

The DMT universe is one that is indescribable with words. 'Holy fucking shit' is probably my favorite way to describe it but no one would know a fucking thing about my trip if that's all I were to say, so here it goes.

Around 7 or 8 o'clock me and four friends made some ayahuasca, the doses were very skewed and had little effect other than a slight visual field of patterns similar to acid visuals only less intense and they had more of a tribal look to them. We had all decided that we were going to smoke it in order to reach the ego-less state of mind we were all looking to find. Once it came time for me to hit it I was scared shitless, I had never taken a hit of DMT before and didn't know what to expect. I took the very biggest hit I could, and by the time I blew out the smoke it already felt like I was lifting off the ground like I had wings or something. After this, a sensation of being propelled a light-year per second through the universe began. I saw a dome of energy in front of me being constantly pushed forward as I launched through the blue void. About 3-4 minutes into the trip a new plane of vision opened in my head, like I literally had a third eye. In this plane of vision I realized I was staring into the face of a demonic reptilian entity. This was what was moving me, an all knowing, all being entity was dragging me through a universe I had never known existed. By the time it was all over all I could do was lay there and say shit like 'oh my god', 'holy fucking shit', and so on.

The after effects were amazing, a full body stoned feeling that just left me in the best mood. All I did over the next hour or so was think about the experience I had just had and attempt to explain to my friends what happened to me.
This shit is the real deal, it told me what I wanted to know, showed me what I wanted to see, and all I had to do was trust it.  My description may seem very intense and vivid, but my words do it no justice at all, none.