This experience was my first time ever taking LSD and it transpired as follows:

So at the time this experience occurred I was still serving in the Military and as is the typical routine of the military member alcohol was consumed every day and everyones lives pretty much revolve around that. It just so happened that on one such night a friend ( we will call him jack) arrived back on post from leave (vacation) and began to drink with us. He had brought back a strip of LSD from vacation and informed me and a mutual friend (we will call Ted) of this to see if we would be interested in taking it later that night. By 4am pretty much everyone had gone and passed out somewhere so the 3 of us cleaned up the party and then ingested the LSD. Jack took 3, and gave 2 to me and Ted. Our game plan was to watch 'A Clockwork Orange' until the sun came up then we would go on 'adventures' in the outside world. I was a little nervous about strolling around a military post on LSD since I had never taken it and didn't know what to expect; however, Jack and Ted had a good deal of experience and I knew I could trust them THATS IMPORTANT!!!

The first signs that I felt I can only describe as a warmth and happiness radiating outward from within but this was very subtle. Then I noticed that anything I stared at would rise and swell and fall as if it were alive and breathing. I was digging this so far.

BAM BAM BAM BAM, someone was pounding very hard on the door of the room we were in, we peeked out the peep hole and none of us knew who this guy was or why he would be POUNDING on our door at around 5:30 on a weekend. We answered and he explained that he was trying to wake up someone he knew was a friend of ours to get him to the airport on time for his flight which was military business related NOT WHAT YOU WANT TO MISS, but that our mutual friend was completely drunk still from the night before and wasn't having it. So we all went over there and beat on him till he woke up and we packed his bags for him and made sure he had all his military paperwork on hand. By the time he was ready to go there were around 6 more people had shown up who were all going to the airport together. They were a little suspicious as to why me and my 2 friends were awake this early on a weekend knowing that we drank every night. We told them that we hadn't slept and they went their way and we went ours. Keep in mind that through all of this that the first waves were coming on and we had to keep this under wraps.

Back in the room we all breathed deeply and had a little laugh about the craziness of our ordeal and then we got the idea that since the sun had risen we should wander over to the golf course on post and go fishing in the ponds on it. ....yup 

While we were walking over to the pond the LSD was really hitting me hard and I felt an extreme joy at the crispness of the morning air and the birds singing and all of nature for that matter I had perma grin something terrible it was grrrreat! So we all went down to the pond and began to fish and watch all the golfers out on the course who we made funny observations about. It was the typical crowd of 40 to 70 year old officers and retired military and I felt a slight tinge of fear at being on LSD in their presence and doing something that we were not too sure if we would get in trouble for or not. I was peaking hard and the thought of talking to Military police on acid didn't sound good to me. My friends calmed me down real quick by pointing out that all these squares that are golfing and up and about on post at this hour do not even imagine such things are taking place therefore just chill and we'll be fine. So I sprawled out on the bank of the pond relaxed and stared at the clouds, I saw a giant Chinese dragon doing a dance and it reminded me of a national geographic article I loved as a child, next in the clouds I saw I Zigorat whose stares I was ascending reluctantly but continued on at the urges of some man ahead of me who kept encouraging me. 

Just like everyone else out there I have always seen stuff in the clouds and spent a good deal of time doing this as a kid but on LSD it is a whole different level it was like watching real time video almost. 

'Yeah try not to look too suspicious ya damn hippy' Ted said who was standing by me reeling in the line. He pointed out that I was wearing a bob marley t-shirt and was sprawled out and quickly spiraling into my own world and brought me back down to earth. We walked back to our barracks and decided to go to Wal-Mart and observe capitalism at it's present finest incarnation ha ha. As we walked around me and Jack mumbled about everything to one another under our breath, we were making hilarious observations and were definitely on the same mental brain waves. Ted however was extremely hyper active, harder to control, and  was spinning and dancing around the isle holding up a small hanna montana dress on its hanger up to himself shouting 'Hell yeah I think this looks good on me, what about you guys?' He was having a good time but was not on the same mental plain as us and was attracting too much heat in public so we decided to leave before something bad happened. Our Wal-Mart trip lasted 3 min at most. 

Next we went to a gas station for cigarettes, energy drink and such, I volunteered to go in and get the stuff. I felt like a 4 year old again who was pure energy and innocence wrapped up in a little ball just darting in whatever direction looked brightest, I realized this when I found myself stuck just staring at an isle end display of colorful snacks, I don't know how long I was standing there but when I got out to the car my friends mentioned I had taken forever. We drove back through security and on to post (fun fun) and wandered around and had many more adventures and fun that day, but what I still find more intriguing to this day is the long term positive effects that the experience had on me. I have never had near as high of an opinion of alcohol since then and reduced my drinking after that to nothing for periods of time and for the most part (ahem) in moderation since that summer.

Once a week after that I would go sit by that pond and have an hour or so of peaceful observation of nature and overall relaxation. I began to sleep outside in my sleeping bag and loved waking up with the sunrise and feeling the breeze blowing. I grew up playing in the woods and lived out in the country but somehow LSD raised my level of understanding, and overall appreciation for nature, or maybe it just reawakened all those emotions and the positive observation and understanding of the world that I had as a child but had almost lost sight of. And I cannot tell you how many times I have used perception gained from such experiences in every day challenges.

CLOSING REMARKS

We were all very foolish by driving around and taking all the chances that we did. I highly recommend brain storming before such an incident and having a plan A and B and so on to stay safe.       ~peace~

Quote ' Some people never go crazy, what truly horrible lives they must live'    - Barfly 1987-