Philosopher's Stones (Psilocybe tampanensis)

Preparation: fasted 24 hrs before ingestion, drank large amounts of mineral water. No meetings or work scheduled for the following day (Sunday).

The stones arrived per mail on Friday. Since I had no refrigerator working, they had to rest on the altar until the next day (room temperature about 20 degrees Celsius).They developed a white coating, like mold. I ate them anyway, with no adverse effects.

Setting: sleeping room, alone, phone off
Time of ingestion: 2009-09-19, Saturday, 19:30 (dusk)
Taste: nutty, with a slightly sour note that persists for many hours

Ingested with passion fruit juice and water. Food eaten after the peak with no adverse effects: bread, banana, multi-vitamin juice, chocolate

Set-on after circa 30 minutes (20:00)
Peak after circa 90 minutes (21:30)
Plateau for ca 1 hour 
Went to sleep at about 02:30 in the morning. 

Experience: intensified feelings (joy, crying) with evocative music closed eyes visuals (CEV), rainbow edges of the CEVs, partly very detailed - too bad I'm not a painter - they looked like works I had seen online. No distortions with open eyes, and (except for the peak time) able to walk (slowly), go to the toilet, toast bread, or peel a banana etc. Although most of the time I preferred to lie in bed and listen to music. Simple things like waving of hands, playing with strings gave a childlike, pure joy.

P. Tampanensis was not overwhelming like P. Semilanceata. Although the stones are powerful, they are friendly: I remained in control most of the time. However, I had difficulty operating an MP3 player. I could chose to look at inner problems or not. I could choose to think positive thoughts and thus avoid a bad trip. Tensing and relaxing my arms and back muscles by grabbing the headpiece of my wooden bed felt like the normally rigid frame of the bed became flexible. At times, even good music was too much ('burning brain' feeling) and I remained in silence, holding still under my warm blanket.

P .tampanesis seems to be a good candidate to get a foot in the water of the psychedelic experience. The dose I took was not so strong as to be overwhelming, produce ego-loss, cosmic visions, out-of-body experience, deep insights or the like. Maybe this could happen at higher doses with a human guide.

Faintest afterglow discernible after about 24 hours. Best described as contentness, 'good to be alive', cleansed, no headache, but feeling slightly 'dimmed' and 'fluffy' in the head.

There was no nausea, no vomiting, no diarrhea with P. Tampanensis.