I've done cannabis thousands of times, and its a wonder for me every time. I started doing it 4 years ago and got into doing it all day every day.

A sense of excitement happens to me when I am buying weed. 'What kind is it?'... 'Is it the good shit??'... 'I want to see it!!'. Immediately after buying I check it out and break it apart and smell it. A childlike excitement comes over me when I smell it and realize 'this is some good shit!!!'. Especially when I get haze. That is my all time favorite. And then the smoking begins...

My device of choice has always been the gravity bong. Although I plan on buying a volcano vaporizer in the future to be more healthy and clean. So I would whip out my already made 2-liter gravity bong and start breaking up and loading up. All the while my anticipation is building to try out this new weed. Wondering what the high will be like this time... After loading it up and pulling the gravity up I see it fill with thick smoke, take the cap off and breath in while pushing down. Then it begins...

At first I cough and sometimes for awhile... But almost immediately after that I start to feel it. My brain starts fizzling and my body starts to feel energy. My thoughts seem to be on fire and my body too! I guess this is why they call it 'being lit'. It builds and builds until I start to feel this BLASTED stoned feeling that is hard to describe. Things are funny, very funny when I'm like this. And its hard not to find joy, excitement, wonder, and lightheartedness... Music is wonderful while high. I always play some. It just sounds better stoned. As I'm being blasted into space it's easy to think about doing all these things and getting excited about them. Even if they are just little things like chores or cooking brownies. 

Pot is very introspective and spiritual, I can find myself sitting in one place for an hour or two and experienced or thought of so many things. Pot is magical... I have no idea how it can do the things it does to you. And yet it does! I certainly love pot alot. It is a wonderful thing and such a tragedy it has been criminalized. As it wears off I feel a heightened sense of wellbeing and thinking wow I was smacked in the face! Also a sense of awe for the wonderous herb that pot is!