First Time Molly Roll -- Far Cry from E

Alright. Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a heavy roller. I've done ecstasy three times in my life, and this past weekend, after hearing nothing but good things about molly, I decided to pop one pure MDMA capsule. I had been told nothing about what to expect, and truly was not expecting anything different than a basic roll. 

Preface: I was in a rave-esque environment late at night in my current city, surrounded by people I know and love and trust. I was adequately hydrated and had not had anything to drink. 

Coming up: My pill took about 45 minutes to hit me, pretty basic. But when it hit, it fucking HIT. I went from 0 to 60 in about 2 minutes. I was sitting next to my boyfriend when it hit. I nudged him as soon as I felt something, telling him that 'I think it's starting to hit me.' He nodded. 

A minute later, I lost control of my fast-twitch muscle movements. I asked him to hold on to me. I was a little scared, actually. I felt an immense body high, coupled with random shakes in my legs and arms. My eyes shook--yes, shook, and rolled back in my head. Lights were overwhelming. Breathing was not difficult, but it was necessary to breathe deeply, and, for me, it was necessary to vocalize exhalations. It was loud at the venue, but if anyone had heard me, I would have sounded like I was panting or very very tired. 

I wasn't hot, or sweaty, or really uncomfortable beyond the fact that I didn't expect that hard of a come-up. 

Coming up lasted about ten minutes or so. Afterwards, it leveled out. I was still very high, but it was a feeling with which I am familiar, having rolled on E in the past.

For about 5 hours afterwards, I rolled. The feeling I described as coming up came back in waves. About every hour or so, I would feel a twinge of something very strong, though certainly nowhere near what I had felt at first. 

'Coming down' was a LOT smoother than it has been on E [tablets]. I found myself able to sleep--in fact, I slept like a rock after that. I made sure to take a handful of vitamins before going to bed, and upon waking up, as was recommended by my boyfriend, because I am extremely susceptible to depression during a comedown.

Fortunately, I felt none of that with molly. The washout was smooth. I was tired the next day, but not exhausted. I could just tell that I had partied the night before, but I felt fine.

In terms of feelings during the roll, I was with my boyfriend, who is extremely well versed in psychology, brain function, and many drugs. I asked him to explain to me what was happening in my brain while I was rolling, which I found to be fascinating and helpful in dealing with the feeling of coming up.

Also, I am not a clingy individual in the slightest, but I felt it necessary to be near him during my roll. I needed to know that he would be there if I stopped to look for him. Meaningful affection was necessary. I also found it very easy to articulate my feelings. I'm usually pretty good at opening up and expressing myself, but molly made it so extremely smooth. Connecting with people was easy as pie.

I danced briefly--less than I usually do when I'm sober, mostly because I found that people were more interesting than music. Dancing, however, was fulfilling. Everything was. I felt great! I mean, they call it ecstasy for a reason.

VERDICT: Molly, to me, is favorable when compared to ecstasy. Molly does not last as long, and is considerably less 'tweaky' and much more mellow. --BUT-- The feeling of coming up was MUCH more intense than on E. It was slightly overwhelming at first.

In terms of the price, molly is more expensive than E, generally. But I feel that the few dollar difference is worth it.