Before my first trip on acid, the only real 'trip' I'd had was on dxm.  I am also a regular toker and have tried coke once.  A friend of mine got a hold of me saying he had access to 4 doses of 'cid that were described as being 'pretty decent' so I sprung at the chance to try this heralded drug.  

My friend, we'll call him A planned on each taking one hit that night and saving our second hit each for another time.  We took our first blotter at 8pm and waited for it to hit.  After 2 hours we still felt nothing and were thinking it wasn't the real deal, so we said what the hell, we might as well take the second one and see if that puts us over the edge.

About 45 min after consuming the second dose, I noticed a guitar in the room was morphing in size ever so slightly but enough for me to realize that my trip was beginning.  We decided to go on a walk through some heavily wooded trails.  Walking down the trail with trees all around me was pretty cool.  I could see the trees and bushes getting closer to me as if they were trying to hug me, but it was all very subtle.  There were no interesting colors or anything but I noticed that even though we were on a dark, secluded trail, I kept feeling like there was a car behind me in the distance with it's headlights shining on my back.  It seemed like some sort of lighting was coming from behind me.  After walking around on the trail for a little longer we decided to head indoors and listen to some music and mess with some candles/lighting.  It had been about 2 hrs since I had initially started seeing the guitar morph and I was having visuals here and there but they were very subtle.  I believe the doses we took were very weak.  As the trip went on I saw less and less visuals but staring at my friends face while he talked was the trippiest thing.  My friend's face was actually the only thing that was morphing and his face would morph into various halloween mask-looking faces for a split second and then into something else.  All the visuals were creepy but since I knew I was on a drug it was more entertaining than scary.  We spent the rest of the night just exploring the outdoors and indoors with very minimal results.  This whole time however, my mind was racing and I was thinking very deeply and philosophically and picking myself and trying to discover who I was.  This was the most enjoyable part of the trip as A and I spoke about psychology and philosophy for hours.  This entire time I was tripping I felt completely sober and that I could easily function at work or school on the dose I was at.  After 12 hours all effects had worn off completely and I was left feeling like I hadn't quite had a real acid trip but it was still mildly enjoyable. 

I hope to do acid again sometime in the future where I can get a hold of some better quality doses.  Also, we were out of weed that night so smoking a bowl or two may have helped bring out more visuals.