DMT - My first time

A few hours after taking DMT successfully I am here to share my experience. I used the lazy mans tek with fantastic results. I put a pea sized pile of the yellow DMT crystals on a bed of ash in a glass pipe. I added a top layer of herb to prevent burning the DMT directly. I took a few tokes and on my third I had vaporized the DMT and was instantly affected. I managed to take one more toke, which set me into the deepest throws of the experience. In total, the trip lasted ten minuets, with about two minuets of peak time. I did not lose my perception of time as it correlated to the real world.

After thirty seconds my life flashed before my eyes. I felt like I had made a grave mistake and I was going to die or at least be stuck in this chaotic mind fuck forever. All of the videos and forum posts I read all seemed to me like a joke, a lie, to trick me into doing the drug, I was cursing you all. As for what I could comprehend of the experience, I remember a demon with butterfly wings flying around me pointing and laughing. I recognized this as a personification of the drug itself and it was laughing at me for being so stupid as to try it. I had a rush of thoughts that this was it and I had lost my mind forever. The best I can describe the 'hyperspace' as we are calling it is chaos, while our world would be order.

I managed to calm my mind and completely free myself for a few brief moments. As I did this, people appeared in the room I was in, and I was in the same room I was always in, but this looked like a laboratory rather than a living room. The people where wearing lab coats and seemed like they where studying me. I could make out at least four people. They where walking around and seemed nervous. One sat next to me, I felt like I knew him already. He kept asking me to wake up, to come into the world that they occupied. I desperately tried to regain my grip on reality and I gradually returned to the real world. I was very surprised by my the experience and realized how ill prepared I was for what I went through.

I have taken hundreds of doses and hundreds of grams so I thought I would be able to keep my cool. I was overwhelmed with anxiety and fear as I thought I was either dying or permanently stuck in this mental state. I didn't feel like I had control over these emotions, I was being forced to feel them. The more afraid I became and the more I fought 'waking up' the closer I came to the real world. The world returned to me in stages. Like watching it rendered, first simple detail and wire frame, then complex detail and objects. At the end I felt lucky to be alive and humbled greatly. For the first time I appreciated the dull, boring, ordered reality I have always hated.

I will more than likely try DMT again. I wish I had had a trip sitter. Being able to talk to someone would have been a great help during the come down. My words can't even come close to what I actually experienced. I thought if anyone could have been prepared it would be me. I couldn't have been more wrong.

The experience itself has changed me deeply. In the throws of the trip, the laboratory was far more real than my living room and it seemed that my 'real world' was drawn on top of the actual world. As I got closer to 'waking up' I felt more like I was coming off of a drug. It felt like I had just done DMT in their lab and they where trying to bring me back from the dream world.

I have been shaken to the core.