A few months ago I had my first experience with a psychedelic, acid. My dealer talked up this stuff, and convinced me and my girl to only take half because it was 'strait hippy acid'. We did, and let me tell you, the experience left me wanting more. I did not trip out, and ever since then I have wanted to take acid again. But alas, acid became hard to find, and shroom season was upon us. So talking with my girl we agreed to take shrooms on a Sunday afternoon and walk to a local park. After extensive research, and reading a lot of trip reports, I felt ready to submit my mind to the awesome power of the magic fungi. From the moment I bought the shrooms, a feeling of anticipation came over me, I was finally going to experience what it's like to have my mind fully altered and watch as reality slowly slips away.

T+ 0:00 Me and my girl (we'll call her M) decided to consume the shrooms with the aid of peanut butter and bread. We made our sandwiches and ate them on the way to a local park (about a 15 minute walk). 

T+ 0:35 We were laying down on the grass staring up at the clouds, when I noticed a slight wave going through them. Slowly the clouds seemed to wave and expand. I looked around and was amazed at how green the grass was, how vibrant every color seemed to be. M and I started smiling and laughing, and suddenly I got the urge to get up and run through the field, to skip and jump and laugh.

Surprisingly, at this point, time seemed to lose all importance. All I knew was that everything made sense to me, and nature was tear-jerkingly beautiful. Nausea was there, but more as an annoyance than anything.  We climbed the hill that was the apex of the park, it had a beautiful view, and that's when I noticed everything had a slightly rosy tint to it, and looking towards the south, towards the foothills, I noticed the trees slowly swaying. Then the hill started to ripple and looked as if it was made out of jello. Closing my eyes, I was greeted with an intense catacomb of red tunnels.

Profound wonder and amazement took over me, and coldness. The wind kicked up and forced us off the top. On the walk down, the ground seemed to sway, and we walked towards the other side of the park (it's a really big park) and came to the community garden. By this time, everything seemed to look particularly un-real. To our dismay, the garden was closed, so we settled for walking along the chain link fence. The bushes and trees seemed to breathe and warranted intense scrutiny. The cracks along the bark took on an opaque look, and slowly melted away. M came upon a beautiful tree, which she proceeded to hug and caress, proclaiming undying love for the tree (even kissing and licking it). I wandered around (staying close to her) and feeling exhilaratingly interested in every leaf, pebble, and clod of dirt. Finally, M wrenched herself from the tree and we walked a little further down the fence, and that's when everything accelerated.

M found herself on the grass proclaiming she felt love, that everything loved her, and I was walking around in circles, jumping up and down, it felt like I was slowly floating. I lay down next to M, and we look up to the clouds, then an airplane flew right above us. I noticed when the plane hit the clouds, it left a trail. I yelled out loud, and suddenly it looked as if the entire sky was waving intensely, and I lost control of what I was seeing. I was at the mercy of my environment, I look wildly around, amazed at how reality was completely stripped away, the chain link fence was at an impossible angle, the distant playground and field seemed to constrict as if made of putty. I realized I had been transported to Shroomland, where nothing is as it seems. Planes were flying overhead, they looked like huge airbound locomotives. The stars (for it was nighttime now) flickered on and off, and the sky almost seemed to blend with the ground. I also started to feel sensations when I touched things, my phone, ipod. That scared me a little bit, because there seemed to be a numbing feeling in my hands, but it still felt tingly. Looking down at my hands, I was sure if I stared long enough I would be able to see my skeleton.

 M and I got up and walked towards the bathroom. On the way I was noticing how everything around me had the potential to turn on me, and turn my amazement and wonderment to sheer terror. I checked my thoughts, knowing the wrong one could instantly turn everything wrong. Every time I looked at M her face assumed impossible proportions, huge eye, spiral face. Then we decide to walk back to my house. The walk over was intense, I was seeing double and I could tell things were moving on their own. Whenever I tried focusing on anything, there was a lag and it seemed as if I was looking at a 3-D picture without the glasses on. Finally reaching my house, my entire room was pulsating. I picked up my guitar and played, the strings felt alien underneath my fingers, the music reverberated in my soul. 

T+ 6:00 Slowly the visuals got less and less intense. I could tell the peak had passed, and slowly I returned to normal. For the next few hours, M and I compared our thoughts and sensations of our trips, I still felt the glow and a strong sense of "that was amazing". The next day I woke up with a mild headache, M had a strong headache that night and the next day. All in all, it was a wondrous awe inspiring experience, though I won't do it again anytime soon, I probably will in a few months perhaps.