MDMA.. My first time

7:37 - Took it. I'm a patient man, so I decide to wait 30 minutes ot see if it will kick in.

8:07 - Nothing. I'm getting impatient, and talk to my friends, ask them what could bring on the effects.

8:37 - My friend gives me some killer music, and I'm JAMMING to it - Nodding my head in my chair, and the works. I begin to touch my hair and my body, telling my friends how soft my body really is. It's quite amazing, I have to admit.

9:00 - I'm dancing around the room my computer is in, listening to Simian Mobile Disco - Sleep Deprivation.. It feels amazing. My eyes are huge, my heart is beating and I'm feeling GREAT. I'm dancing around for a bit..

10:00 - I'm talking to my friend Casey, whom lives in California. He's a real good friend of mine. We get to talking more, and he asks me if I'd like to talk with him on the phone. I'm ecstatic, I can't think of anything better right now to listen to awesome tunes, dance around and discuss things with my great friend. We get to talking about so many things, society, culture, so many broad topics were discussed. My mind was not blank, I could let words ROLL from my tongue without hesitation. It was BRILLIANT!

11:00 - I turn my computer off and decide to go into my other room to lay down. I'm rolling around my bed with the covers over me, it just feels so fucking amazing, the covers and bed itself is so soft.  I'm doing this for about an hour and decide to call my friend Michelle..

12:00 - I call Michelle and she tells me to call back at 1.. So I'm waiting a bit, watching tv and rolling around my bed with Simian Mobile Disco - Sleep Deprivation in my head, da do da do da dao da do.. lol..

1:01 - I call her back, we talk for about ten minutes about how amazing I feel, and I tell her I love her because she is beautiful and amazing (as a friend, of course..) we hang up.. 

1:30 (about) - I decide to go get the laptop to help ease the come down of the trip.. I'm talking to my friends for awhile.. About 

2:10 or so I decide to goto sleep.

END.