Halloween Tripping

My past drug experience has been limited to occasional marijuana usage and hydrocodone. I had wanted to try ecstasy and decided tonight was the night. It was Saturday and M, A, P, F, and I had been trick  r' treating for about an hour. We met up with some friends of M's who really wanted some pot so we all smoked a few bowls in one of M's friends' backyard. We were all really cold and went to M's house where we could smoke more and be warm. We packed the bowls again and smoked a bit more. Now that P and I were high we were a lot less nervous about doing the triple stack of ecstasy that I brought. It was late and we didn't want it to last too long, plus it was both of our first times doing MDMA so we crushed up the pill and snorted a quarter of the pill each. 

I was feeling pretty good, but it was probably because we had smoked some good shit. I first realized I was rolling when we were all sitting on M's couch and I was eating a Laffy Taffy. I read the joke: What do you call a skeleton who won't work? Lazybones. I was laughing for a good five minutes and my face felt very warm. From then on I felt very happy. P wasn't feeling anything yet until M started playing his cello and it sounded like a choir of angels. It was ten times better than the best music on cannabis alone. I was lost in the music until he stopped and both P and I objected to the loss of the heavenly sound.

I went back to the couch and remembered the lazybones joke and started laughing uncontrollably, but this time P was laughing with me. Next thing I knew I was stroking one of M's friends' arm and saying how soft it was but she didn't seem to mind. My whole body was vibrating and it felt amazing. I laughed at the slightest humorous comment. Everyone else was stoned but weren't feeling near as good as me or P. 

I felt like I was coming down a bit after an hour and a half and thought it was a bit too early for that but soon enough, I was going back up. Since it wasn't nearly as good as the first wave. P and I decided to go and smoke another bowl. The combination of the rising second wave and the weed was amazing. I found a stuffed bear and alternated stroking it and people. Everything was so soft and I was so happy. 

Sadly, all good things must come to an end and M's mother was kicking us out of the house. My dad came to pick up me, A, and P and I was still rolling, but was coming down again and it was easy to control. He probably just thought I was really drunk. When we got home I listened to some music and drifted off into heavenly drug induced slumber.