I was with a friend who asked me if I wanted to try changa. I did this but didn't hold down the smoke properly and as a result didn't get much of an experience. He told me he had some pure dmt, I was very curious about this as all I'd heard was that it was very strong and a little harsh on the lungs. Naturally, being an inquisitive mind keen on experiencing the realms of the psyche I quizzed him about it and also asked if I could try some. He was reluctant to do so at first as it meant finding it for me but I continued to ask questions about the experiences he'd had and his reluctance waned.

I was in a comfortable setting having been told to make sure I could lay back quickly if need be. I held the glass pipe and drew deeply as it was lit for me, when I couldn't take in any more I held it in for as long as I could. I can't remember if I took a second toke. I handed back the pipe and he cracked a smile, his face floated off in a baubley bubble and I remembered thinking. Oh it's going to be like acid, only loads more..

No sooner had I had this thought I felt very weird, I lay back quickly finding a comfortable position, my back against the cushions I'd set up, my knees bent, my feet on the sofa. The very instant I had gotten comfortable the world disappeared.

In my field of vision there were now 3 totems made up of several figured that changed so fast I couldn't follow. I was completely overwhelmed by surprise. I have never been so surprised in my entire life, nor do I expect to ever be quite so surprised again. At least if and when I get to a similar state I'll be a little prepared for quite how unprepared I'll be. I always but always see the world around me, no matter how hard I trip it changes what's there. This seemed to be somewhere else entirely, somewhere that looked cartoony, somewhere that was very bright, somewhere that while I was there got me thinking that this wasn't from my imagination as why would I think this particular thing? Where in my mind would this come from?

Seemingly responding to my surprise one of the figures holds it's hands over its eyes and jumps forward in classic peek-a-boo style. I felt they were saying Surprise! Surprise Surprise Surprise!! I felt they were entertaining me or amusing me like one  would a tiny child, a baby even. Normally I would have some resentment to being treated that way but as this was so astounding, so new, so utterly mesmerizing that it seemed apt.

I had the definite sense that I was safe, that although I could not sense it in the way I usually could my body was comfortable, my heart was still beating and I was still breathing as normal. There was a friend making sure I was too.

When I closed my eyes there was a swirl which either my thoughts were following or it was following my thoughts. The thoughts were loopy, like I sometimes get on acid but much much more so. It went something like this: 'I'm not sure if I like this. Well your here now you may as well experience it. How long am I here for? About 20 minutes. But time doesn't seem to make sense here. True but you may as well enjoy it.' Than I had what felt like a memory of asking a friend if he had tried dmt and what it was like. The answer was a hurried 'Don't do it! Don't do it!' I knew this was not a memory even though it felt like one and what it was telling me seemed to make no sense. I thought back 'Well that's no good, I'm here now. I may as well enjoy it, how long am I here for?'

A thought that seemed to be in capitals, not shouted just stated very clearly and explicitly entered my mind and broke the cycle. It said 'YOU MUST TRY TO REMEMBER THIS, THIS IS SO DIFFERENT THAT IT WILL BE HARD TO REMEMBER. TRY TO REMEMBER AS MUCH OF THIS AS YOU CAN', the most interesting part of this being that is something many report but that I had no knowledge of at the time.

One of the times which I opened my eyes I must have been looking at where my knees were. Or at least where my gaze would normally meet my knees in the normal world given the position I was in. My knees started to change rapidly, just like the totem figures. Two pot plants, two pineapples and other things I didn't quite catch. Another 'SURPRISE!' The things were colour-changing too, from grey to a greyish-red to a greyish-green. Than another 'Surprise!' the things started getting nearer and smaller to me, as if my knees were disappearing! This was not a disturbing thought. I still knew I had a body to go back to, it was jut surprising, yet again.

The final surprise was the beginning of a tactile element to the hallucination. I felt like I was being pelted with miniature hail-stones all over my head. I didn't like this. It didn't hurt but was unpleasant. I couldn't see them but they looked like those little polystyrene balls you get in packaging sometimes. I was aware of 'seeing but not seeing' these things hitting my head all over. I opened and closed my eyes several times thinking how I wanted this bit to stop. The totem-figures carried on changing at awesome speeds then as suddenly as I arrived I was back in the real world and the sensation stopped.

I was back, yes the walls were waving around in a cartoony fashion and my friend on the sofa was an infinite mirror version. Several sofas stretching on beyond my vision. When my friend moved the mirror versions moved, one after the other, down the line. In other words I was still having a stronger experience than I had had previously but I was definitely back to sensing the world around me.

The world normalized gradually in about 5-minutes.