Prior to this experience I had experimented with a variety of drugs. I had done LSD a handful of times. I had no idea what I was in for on this particular night. On this occasion I was with two friends D & R. We were in a car driving down the main street of our town. D said they had scored some LSD and they were going to drop a hit each. They wanted me to do some too. I was in the military at the time and had to report for duty at the base that night. I knew I would have to stay up all night. I told them this and they told me how good it was, I really needed to do it with them, etc, etc.

I really, REALLY wanted to, but in the back of my mind I was thinking about my obligations. I was trying to think of a way I could still partake. I rationalized I may be down from the hallucinations by the time I had to leave. The up feeling would also help me stay up all night. They were still insisting, so I made a proposition to my friend D. I said if you go with me & stay up all night to keep me company I'll drop. I figured I could say my car broke down if anyone asked & that he agreed to give me a ride. He agreed and I took one hit of LSD.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

The drug started to take effect quickly & I knew I was in for a hell of a ride. I felt very up & things started to distort, colors started to appear. I was still able to comprehend time. I attribute this to the fact that I HAD to keep track of time. Before I knew it, it was time to leave. I couldn't believe how fast the time went. I told D it was time to go. He looked at me with half closed eyes & said there was no way he was going to make it. I told him he had to, that was the deal. So much for friends being there when you need them. It now reminds me of the Bob Dylan song lyrics; they'll stone you & then they'll say good luck. Well, my friends didn't even wish me luck! I had to drive approximately 20 miles to the base alone, at night, while tripping. I know...a really bad idea. I was thinking at the time I had no choice (but of course I did). Let me just say there is no excuse for being late in the military, let alone not showing up at all. I start driving and it's going pretty well...at first.

I had a lot of open road in the beginning, everything was going fine. I had a small town to pass through ahead. There was a stoplight on every corner with lots of people. It seemed like I hit every light red and this was starting to cause anxiety. I just wanted to get through this town. The light in front of me was red & I was stopped at the crosswalk. I was looking at the people crossing in the crosswalk in front of me. I was thinking if they knew how fucked up I was, there's no way they'd be doing it. Of course they had no idea how high I was and this thought stayed in my mind. I wondered how many times I'd walked in front of peoples cars that were tripping. At this point my windshield stretched out, first one side then the other. It morphed into what looked like a movie theater screen. Everything looked like it was in Technicolor. It seemed like I was watching a movie, people were crossing the street at that exact time in the movie. This started to freak me out because I had to drive. I knew I had to remain calm. The light turned green & I drove. It seemed like everything was on auto pilot. I could tell I was driving OK, it just seemed like everything was on auto pilot. I made it through the town to my relief.

Everything was going fine until it happened. This is the trippiest thing that's ever happened to me while under the influence of any drug. Up ahead in the distance I could see something that didn't look right, but I couldn't make it out. As I got closer it looked liked water was pouring out of the sky into the street. I thought this had to be the effect of the drug. I kept trying to make sense of it as I got closer. It looked as if there was a tear in the sky and water was just pouring out of this tear into the middle of the road. It HAD to be an effect of the acid I thought. As I got closer it didn't change, so I went slower & slower until I was barely rolling. I thought for sure it would just vanish before I got to it.

To my surprise water started pounding down on the hood of my car with great force, it was real. I could see nothing until I came out the other side. It was like driving through a car wash. When I came out I saw what had happened. A car had driven off the highway and sheared off a fire hydrant. The fire hydrant was on the backside of the water obscuring it from my view. Now my thought was someone may be injured, so I pulled off the road & parked...big mistake. I walked up to a group of people standing in a circle & talking next to the accident. I was going to ask them if everyone was OK. At this point the people in the group who were facing away from me turned around. It was then I realized all of them were police officers, their faces were distorted. Now, I realized the predicament I was in. The last thing I wanted to do was to speak to them. They were looking at me like what are you doing here? Good question I thought. I kind of lifted my hand to gesture as if everything is OK and turned to walk back to my car. I just hoped none of them would call out anything to me. They didn't and I drove off.

I had a city to drive through before getting to the base. I felt confident I was going to make it. When I got into the city I was horrified to see a concert was just getting out. There were people and cars everywhere. The worst part was that it seemed there was a policeman in a police car on every other corner. I had to pass the parked police cars knowing I could be stopped at any moment. I was still tripping pretty hard. I made it to the base and to my duty station. My job was to sit at a desk & check in anyone that got there during the night. The whole night I was looking at the door paranoid an officer would walk in and figure it all out. I also had to log entries into a log book with no room for error which gave me great anxiety. Needless to say I didn't enjoy the rest of my trip.

What I learned from this experience is that peer pressure is a powerful force. In the end though my responsibilities are up to me & nobody else is going to handle it for me. I learned that if I'm going to trip I need to make sure I'm in a place where I feel safe and am in a good state of mind.