First off a little history, it was the first day of April and I had been smoking weed since I was in 7th grade so I was introduced to many types of drugs at a young age. Before this experience I had always wanted to try hallucinogens, I mean I have done other drugs but none that really took me away from this world. 

It was about mid-day and we were just being let out of class for lunch, me and my friend who we will call jay had some bud and were going to go smoke during lunch because we had come down from the high from our wake and bake on the way to school. We met up with our other friend Zac and he said he had this shit called DMT, I was like wtf is that? He pulled out a small vial that had what looked to me to be yellow sand, I asked him I how u do it and he told me to just sprinkle it over your bud and hit the bitch as hard as you can.

So we went to another friends house before doing it because he said it was probably a good idea not to do it while we were driving, which later I found out was the best idea the kids had yet ha-ha. But anyway we arrive to my friends house we will call this kid James, we get there and I could tell already that James was on some shit because he was out in his front lawn laying down looking at the sky, I asked him what the fuck are you doing laying in your lawn? He told me that he was really fucked up on some E and that he went out for a walk and locked his keys in his house, so we break into his house through the window and head up to his room. I looked in the corner of the room and saw that he had a new 3ft bong! (yay!) my friend Zac asked we wanted to do some DMT that he was talking about I was like hell why not we got some time lets do it, my other friend was kind of hesitant to try it but I told him I'd do it first since he was being a pussy.

Zac packed a small bowl of bud and I was like dude pack that bitch fat and he said that I wasn't even going to feel the bud so it wasn't worth it, I watched him put the DMT on the bud which I found out later was a much higher dose than I needed to get fucked up. So everything is set and we are ready to smoke so my friend put on some music and turned his trippy lights on and shut off the normal room lights so it was pretty dark in the room, I go to take the first rip and as I'm hitting I smelt burning plastic, my friend told me that no matter what you have to finish the bowl by myself or you wont get the full effects. So I take a huge rip for the first one and as latterly as the smoke was coming out of my mouth shit was no longer reality and I started to tweak my friend forced me to finish it even though I didn't want to because I was already fucked up but I did anyway. I didn't know what was going on the room suddenly became very bright and everything was vibrating and the walls had turned yellow and green with checkered patterns all over the place. I looked down at my friends cat and I swear to got the damn thing had about forty tails coming off of it,  I felt like I had to throw up but my friends wouldn't let me get up and they said the feeling would go away in a min. I put my hands on my ears for some reason I think it was to shield out all the noise that I couldn't comprehend at the time but when I did that I felt like my fingers were wrapping around the back of my head and was starting to wrap around the front as well, for the next, that all took place within about 5 min of the trip.

For the next 15-20 min I couldn't gather my thoughts I thought for sure I was going to be stuck in this trance for the rest of my life.  When I came down from it things still weren't right for the next hour or two I would look at my phone or fingers and they would grow longer and then shrink really small, lets just say when I went back  to school I was still coming off of it and I didn't know what was going to happen when I went to class, but it all worked out in the end and overall I look back at this experience and I enjoyed just about every part of it except the part were I thought I was going to be stuck in the trance of this crazy ass drug.