So, how can I describe my inner journey which happened last night?  The substance know as ketamine is not a natural chemical, it is in fact completely synthetic and this is quite obvious while actually on the substance.

I have had many psychedelic and entheogenic experiences in the past, psilocybin, lsd, lsa, 2-cb, DOI, and a very light trip on ayahuasca.  I consider myself almost an expert and a devotee to the mystical experience.  For some reason though, Ketamine always brings me back and has a tremendous pull for me.  This substance completely fascinates me for some reason.

I was in my room for the whole night, with my trusty computer at hand and an arsenal of entertainment and music I set on a journey into the hidden depths of the mind.  I took the first line which consisted of about 100mg intranasaly.  I decided to put on some music and go online to look at photographs of various landscapes and waterscapes.  I absolutely love to look at pictures while on K because the pictures actually transport me to that place, it is quite amazing and a nostalgic warmth comes over me every time.  The world is a beautiful place which unfortunately I haven't had the luck of actually visiting physically too often.  The Ketamine puts me into a numbed out, warm, cozy and hazy dream-state.  I feel as if I am dreaming awake, the doors of my perception melt and my being transforms into pure light awareness.  When I say light, I meant that in both ways, physically and mentally.

When I decide to turn off the computer screen, I get my trusty CD player which has accompanied me through many many inner journeys :)  And I pick out my 10,000 days album, and I also pick out my fairly new 'The Incident' album written by Porcupine Tree.  As I listen to these albums while laying down in my bed in the darkness, my mind is racing and I am trying to interpret the words while my 'body' is taken on a roller coaster ride.  I am flying upwards through space and I take a sharp dive and come to a stop.  I am now located at a place which is not my room, but this place has a feeling to it, like I have been here before.  I hear various voices which are trying to explain to me the secrets of existence but their words fly right through me, and I try to hold on to them but they escape me eventually.  I shake hands with the devil, and god is smiling at me.  Who is really who?  Light and Dark, which is which?  The music is amazing and I wonder just how these artists were able to come up with these masterpieces.  I am an artist myself so I soak in all this inspiration.  I keep taking 100mg bumps throughout the rest of the night to keep my journey afloat.  At some points I feel insignificant, and feel as though I will be stuck in a terrible place forever and that will be my destiny.  Sometimes I feel like I am invincible and that in moments I will break through an invisible veil to reach my place of eternal happiness.  Either way, I always decide that I am too scared, too scared to pull the lever, too scared to turn the switch for fear of being truly happy or truly miserable.

Always and Forenever,
Good luck on your own path everyone.