Although I had tried DMT three times prior to this experience, I had yet to experience the psychedelic-explosion-breakthrough that I had hoped for. Because of this, when I purchased what my friend measured as 'two and a half hits', I was a little nervous because I was sure I was going to breakthrough this time around. 

My other friend A, had also purchased 2 1/2 hits and we made our way down to a local waterfall to smoke bowls with my friends F and R. I had asked A if he wanted to smoke the dmt down there or at my house later and he said he didn't know. I was still nervous and felt butterflies in my stomach when I thought about doing it.

We smoked 2 bowls of some blueberry from the medi shop and was surprised when my friend A pulled out his dmt and emptied it on his snapper he had packed.

I watched as he milked the bong, and ripped a fat lungful. He held it deep, then took another hit. He came back to reality somewhat 10-15 minutes later, by then I had already loaded my .06 of dmt onto my nug. I felt somewhat obligated to start my psychedelic adventure and follow him up. I was still very nervous however and probably should have taken some deep breaths before I sparked the lighter and watched the yellow powder bubble and melt. it set on fire for a second and I knew I was in for it. I cleared the bong but left a good bit of dmt on the bowl because there was so much.

I inhaled and felt it immediately. I started feeling like I was moving at hyperspeed when I exhaled. The waterfall that I was sitting near went from the sound of a stream to the roar of niagra falls. I immediately felt like people were coming. I saw my friends sitting around me clearly but everything else began turning into statues of faces and people.

I heard the machines people speak of. The beeping booping and computing. We were sitting on rocks around the waterfall and the sandstone and clay rocks all around me were pulsating with life and ancient faces. I heard whispers and voices but couldn't hear what they were saying. I thought I heard 'We're here'. I closed my eyes and saw spinning red aztec/mayan hieroglyphics. I saw thousands of stone statue ancient faces that would spin and were frowning and looked angry. I felt I wasn't welcome at this moment. I was determined to make it a good trip however and wondered why the faces were frowning, because while I was scared kind of by the experience, I wasn't having a bad trip, just having a hard time handling it. The faces went from sad, to normal, to smiling, I changed them from smiling to ecstatic presences in my minds eye and soon I felt them reaching out to touch me and love me, this overwhelmed me and I set the faces back to normal with my mind. I was expecting to find profound answers but all I heard was my mind sputtering 'what?! why?! how?! who?! where?!' and mixing the words together, trying to make heads or tales of the experience being thrown at me.

I opened my eyes and continued to see beings emerging from the crevices in the rocks, but they would go still if I looked directly at them. I saw sasquatch-like ancient statue faces as well.

I had been looking at my friends occasionally throughout this, they had remained mainly quiet, but I felt I didn't want them to know how far I had blasted off for some reason. I had passed the remains of my dmt bowl to my friend F, who smoked it and immediately blasted off into another world, where he returned and spoke wonders of it.