I am a 40-year old guy, married, employed in IT. Long term practitioner of meditation.

Prologue: grown last year Cubensis 'Golden Teacher' in PF Tek from spore syringe obtained from internet supplier.

A fine Saturday noon at home.

12:40 ingestion of 4g dried Cubensis 'Golden Teacher', made palatable with jam. I expect effects not sooner than after half an hour, and therefore go grocery shopping together with wife (walking, not driving of course).

13:00 trip is coming on sooner than expected. Have strong effects like hypersensitivity and feeling very edgy and must leave wife in supermarket, rush home and lie down.

13:15 tripping already hard. The uncomfortable feeling that I have pushed against doors that better remain closed.

13:30 notes taken during the trip: 'some things better remain unknown'. 

Yawning a lot - and not from tiredness. Yawning is necessary for adjusting. It feels stupid but wife is not watching thankfully.

Witnessing creation as it happens. The uncomfortable thing is that it's very impersonal, impartial. Have to find a way to roll with it. Instinctively, I turn to my Guru mantra. Chanting sometimes a holy short prayer, sometimes only OM, while pacing the room.

Reminding myself that this will pass.

14:30 notes 'strong'

Increasingly, it feels like an initiation. Still pacing the room and chanting, now strong feelings of deepest sanctity. A knight templar reincarnate, finding the holy grail. Bowing in front of the altar, repeatedly. Being the dream of a yogi who is meditating for a billion years. Time has become meaningless. Holy creation.

Taking up holy books, A Course in Miracles lays out before me how in the miracle of creation the Son is the Father and the Father is the Son and everything makes perfect sense.

Now I feel, since God has drawn me in his workings, I might as well interject my own demands. I demand joy. I demand recollection, memory. This way, I am getting more and more a handle on it. I realize I am free.

15:00 the sweet come-down phase. I still feel very near to God but it has become playful now. I demand a billion Euros for me. I demand world peace.

16:20 pretty much back to baseline. From notes 'experiment succeeded, have seen God'. Still surprised that good old mushrooms can take one so far out.

A slight headache which lasts until next day noon. I have noticed the headache aftereffect last time with Psilocybin too, a long while ago, and therefore conclude that for me the two go together.

Effects a a few days later: I feel rejuvenated, more trusting of life, less burdened by worry about my inadequacies.

I will probably do it again. Next time, I will try to take more notes. Writing has been possible, though it has felt foreign and automatic, it was just hard to motivate myself in a timeless space to record something for 'afterwards' - because what is afterwards anyway in timelessness.

A note of gratitude to the Shulgins who set such brilliant examples of how to trip diligently and meticulously and who inspired me to trip.