I began by preparing what I would need for my journey, having already smoked two low doses I had a good idea of what I wanted with me. I changed into comfortable clothing, found a lightweight but warm blanket, measured out the dmt and mixed with some blue lotus. Once I had all I needed I went outside, the moon was full and illuminated my backyard. I decided that I would smoke the dmt and blue lotus mixture in one of the darker areas of the yard and then move to where I could see the sky better. 

I wrapped the blanket around my shoulders. Meditated for a few minutes, thought my actions through and then calmed my mind and thoughts. I felt ready for the experience, I would not be discovered or interrupted, and my mindset was one of acceptance. I had spent the previous days coming to important conclusions about a certain relationship and had had a meaningful conversation the previous night with a close friend about life, love, family and friendship.

I inhaled three breaths of white smoke, within seconds a resonating noise filled my ears and I could feel the change through my body which increased in sensation to a vibration or shaking of my self.

I turned around and crawled the 2 metres to my chosen destination, my backyard had transformed into this otherworldly place, the grass soft and spongy beneath me had the appearance of a spiked landscape. As I crawled I felt my body had transformed into some animal like creature, the movement of my limbs felt unfamiliar and euphoric. My hand sinking into the grass amazed me, I could feel it was mine but it looked utterly foreign as though it was the first hand I had ever seen.

I stopped and faced the sky. I pulled the blanket closer around me - somehow it had stayed around my shoulders. The full moon and clouds had become this beautiful sea; I felt overwhelming emotions at the sheer beauty above and around me that I was brought to tears. Thinking back on that moment I am again moved to tears.
 
As the effects started to wear off I felt the urge to stand, as I did I could see the sky behind me was a dark blue, then a reddish purple fading into the black sky above that. I could feel a sense of utter amazement, peace, and love running through my body. It was a brilliant experience in every sense.

Upon walking inside I experienced a sense of confusion upon seeing the time, it was 2.10am. The experience had felt like an hour or so but in reality had only been just over 10 minutes in duration.

I feel that the only downfall to the experience was that it occurred in my backyard and not and a more natural environment.  When the time is right to experience dmt again, I plan to be fully submerged in a natural environment.