I have used Ketamine on several occasions, it is a drug I enjoy but one that I am also very wary of. I know people who are psychologically addicted to K and that abusive usage over the course of a few years will completely wreck one's bladder and digestive system. I use K at raves mostly though I have had a few solo journeys at a higher dosage, I tend to prefer a mild K buzz so I can still walk, think and dance. The K-hole for me is a rare state, I don't often need the type of trip that comes with it but I have enjoyed some mind blowing experiences with K.

I have my own personal description of the K-hole (a proper one) it's like wearing a golden sweater, this originally came from my first ever K induced hallucination where I saw a huge golden knitted structure in front of me which wrapped itself around me, thus the golden sweater. I also find it a useful comparison to the way my body feels when I are on K as if I have a heavy weight wrapped around my entire body.

The experience I want to share with you all is one of the strangest trips I've had on K. Barely describable because I truly believe I saw another side to reality.

It was very late, around four or five in the morning and me and a few of my friends had been to a night in a skatepark/club in Bristol. We were staying with my friend J who had given us all some excellent K before we went out. We were unable to find any whilst we were at the club and really fancied a bit for when we got home, yet lo and behold J had left some for us on a tile for when we got home.

##EROWID_NOTE:NOT_WEIGHED##

Me and my friend split the smallish pile between us, about 100-150mgs each. And inhaled the resulting lines, we put the TV on and because of the time in the morning there was a children's TV show on called the Hoobs. Normally this wouldn't have bothered me, but as the K began to take effect I noticed more and more that the room was becoming consumed by the images on the TV. Soon I felt that I was inside the world of this show and that reality had changed forever. I felt as if the people on screen were talking to us, it was full immersion. After about an hour or so things began to return to normal and I looked at my friend speechless, I asked her if I had done anything strange in the last short while but she (being also on K) hadn't noticed. 

The strangest thing was, at no point did I find this loss of reality scary. I have had similar experiences with salvia and found it terrifying but on K it seemed of little consequence that reality had altered. This was by far the strangest trip I have had on K and even with doses higher than 100-150mgs I have never experienced the amount of pure confusion that I did that night.