My Story

Have to say at first I was apprehensive of doing magic mushrooms. I had heard stories of bad trips that people had had while using them, and frankly the prospect of having a bad trip scared the hell outta me. But, my two friends who had both done them on a previous occasion had nothing but good things to say. I trust my friends, otherwise they wouldn't be my friends, so I tried them. 

We started early in the morning, while it was still dark out, with the intention of watching the sunrise. So we go outside and eat the mushrooms with chips and guacamole, smoking marijuana while we did so. About twenty minutes or so afterwards was when I started to feel some effects. The sun hadn't risen yet, and it was still very dark outside. Eventually, the dark became VERY oppressive, and none of us wanted to wait for the sun. So we go inside into my friends room, and this is when my trip started in earnest.  Lights shone brighter, colors swirled in and out of my vision and everything took on a significance that I can't put into words properly. It soon became too much to handle. I couldn't look at anything. It was like the weight of the world was crashing down on.  

It was at this point that I decided to hide under a blanket.  "Safe" under the blanket I started to think about myself, and who I really was. That quickly turned into intense self-loathing and feelings of wanting to die. Wanting to put these feelings out of my head I decided to uncover myself and give the world a chance again. I lay on the bed for God knows how long staring up at a ceiling fan. I was entranced by it. The fan soon became menacing, it transformed into something out of a Tim Burton movie. I couldn't stand to look at the fan any longer, so I got up and started talking to my two friends, both of whom were clearly having a more enjoyable trip than I was. I became deeply resentful of them for this, which sent me into another self-hate spiral. This one didn't last nearly as long, as the peak of my trip was coming to an end. 

This was when things got GOOD. I was at peace with this new world that I was in, no longer being unable to tolerate it, a great sense of peace descended on me and, not to be overly cliche, felt at one with the world. Every light was like a pinprick of heaven. The grass was greener, and I swear I saw a bush sprout the most unearthly beautiful flowers I had ever seen. The wood seemed to be alive, and it inhaled and exhaled of its own will. It's at this point I can say that the term magic mushrooms is not hyperbole. For the rest of the day I felt just great. While it would be easy to say that I had bad trip, it's just not true. There were bad moments, sure, but as a whole it was enjoyable.