It was about 10pm and me and my friend decided to roll in the hot tub. We took red dragon which is very strong and its pure mdma. This being my second time rolling, I wanted to start rolling in the hot tub.  My first time I took one and a fourth in Vegas and that was amazing so we thought the hot tub would be even more amazing.  

A half hour went by and the water felt amazing. About an hour later we took another roll.  When it was all said and done we took a total of 4.  So we were just enjoying the hot tub when my neighbor said her dog jumped over my wall and her dog couldn't get back over.  Rolling hard I walked over there and by this time I was freezing and clenching my jaw I had to go put some pants and a robe on. When I came back out the dog and my neighbor was gone.  I started tripping out and getting all paranoid.  This is when it started to get interesting. My house and back yard was pitch black.  So the shadows started playing with my head.  

At first I started seeing a hutch to my right. It was very vivid and had a ton of detail it was dark and woven.  Then I looked up at the street lights and they changed colors from yellow to orange and had a glass lamp over them.  Then when I was looking past the street light I saw a round almost like a baby toy but it was bigger than my neighbors two story house and it had squares in it and some popped out with different signs on it. I closed my eyes to see if it was really there but it wasn't it disappeared.  Then I told my friend what I saw and he said he could see the hutch but not the ball. Then when I looked straight ahead where there was a dead tree with no leaves on it the tree turned into a palm tree with really bright colored branches that moved in the wind. They were baby blue, baby pink, yellow and the bottom of the tree was like a palm tree it was really really pretty.  Then I left my back door open and all the lights were out and there was this dog that was walking in and out of my house and a man appeared in the doorway he looked almost like a hunter but he never came out of the doorway.  He seemed like he was a hunter.  Then there was another dog that came out and went back in throughout my trip. I think that my neighbor really made me paranoid but this felt so real it was crazy. 

This next part gives me Goosebumps.  When I looked straight ahead there were these giant men there were like 15 of them walking in the street in between my house and my neighbor's house across the street.  They kept walking over my wall and my neighbor's wall.  Then all of a sudden there was a giant pallet and they were working on my neighbor's house and got like halfway through the pallet when it finally started wearing off.  Apparently my friend and I were rolling balls for 6 hours in the hot tub.  If we weren't tripping so hard music would have definitely helped our trip.  Then I finally got out and made him go inside first to make sure there was no one in there. 

I hallucinated everything the only thing that was really there was that dead tree with no leaves. Apparently my friend who has done this many times before said that he's never heard of someone hallucinating that much just on mdma.