I generally have a high tolerance to most drugs, chemical or plants and at the time of these trips I was taking the herbs Stinging nettle, milk thistle, papaya enzyme and a multi vitamin.

This summer I had the opportunity to pick up a large quantity of mushrooms for the first time in a while. I jumped on the chance buying a pound, thinking this would supply me for a long time. Having recently had a string of positively memorable trips I was excited to continue on with the trend. My boyfriend and I had been thrilled for a while about Alice in Wonderland in 3-D coming out and felt this would be a perfect outing for us to trip at.

Anticipating a long come-up (as by this time we had tried this batch several times) Andy and I ate our goodies at 8:15pm and hoped to start peaking near the beginning of the movie at 10:00. Since to us licking an old shoe is more appealing than chewing up shrooms I decided to pulverize them to a dust and fill empty gel capsules so we could just swallow them like pills. (A lengthy process but well worth as I hate the taste.) I took 12 capsules equaling about 2.5 grams then tossed back a beer with another 2.5 grams of powder before we headed out. Andy took 12 capsules.

We arrived at the movie theater, grabbed our tickets, took a seat and began to watch the film. Since the nature of Alice in Wonderland is already fairly dream-like it was hard for me to tell if I felt anything. By the time the movie had finished at 12:00am I felt a little giggly but wasn't experiencing any cool visuals, time dilation, deep thoughts or anything of that nature. As we made our way back home we both agreed no significant affect had occurred. How was this possible? I took 5 grams! I am very aware of my body and can usually predict how my current state will effect the intensity of my trip i.e. amount of food taken and at what time, proximity to excessive, time of day etc. And on this day I couldn't figure out why I hadn't had a moderate to strong trip! 

After we got home we had a beer and chatted in the den for a couple hours when at 2:00am it suddenly hit Andy. He was tripping. A '4/10' as he described it. He had difficulty telling detailed stories and experienced some low intensity but enjoyable visuals like breathing walls, brightening of colors and a static quality to his vision when it was out of focus. About 2:30am we decided to go upstairs so I could lie down and he was happy to do so since the den was given him a 'bad, ominous feeling'. By 4:00am we were tucked in and ready for bed.

It took me several trips on these mushrooms increasing the dosage to realize they just were a shitty batch. Initially I started with 1g and worked my way up to 6g over a large time frame. I took them on many occasions ie. at an International Flower Show, While working in my Gardens, at a Large Multi-room Electronic Music party, several days spent alone at home, on Road trips and many more without feeling much more than some casual philosophical thoughts, mild brightening of colors and a slightly altered feeling. This is with as much as 6 grams as well. I would consider most of these trips a 1/10. (0 being not tripping at all, 1o being TRPNBALZ)

I realize my experience isn't thrilling to read, but my point is: When experimenting with psychedelics it is important to err on the side of caution. Many times I was disappointed for not having experienced a stronger trip but I didn't lose anything. I still enjoyed myself, gained experience and ended the event with a safe, more knowledgeable outlook. There can always be another chance to trip if you are having doubts about the dosage!