I am writing this to hopefully deter any other 'adventurers' from repeating my foolish teenaged mistake from a few years ago. This was my first ever experience with weed, and since I was due to leave home for an international school, my best friend (we'll call her 'Kelly') wanted us to both try this for the first time together where we would both be in safe and familiar environments with each other. Agreeing to this wise idea, I made a few calls around, procured around 8-10grams of weed and looked up receipes for pot brownies/cake.

My friend's mom (an ex hippie and very religious woman against the use of drugs now hahah) cleaned the weed for us and helped us fry it to extract as much THC out of it before we mixed it in with the cake batter. 40 or so minutes later we had a perfect cake.

Leaving Kelly's mom's house, we relocated to her other apartment just a block or two away and waited for my ex (we'll call him 'Harry') to show up because he wanted in on this too. Take note that neither him nor I had had any dinner and so we were already pretty hungry. Kelly ate 1 or 2 pieces, I ate around 5 maybe and Harry about 6-8 (!!!!!!) 

Forty minutes later, the come up happens. I don't remember much of this period except that I was dancing around, being silly and giggling. It was the COME DOWN that really shook me up:

I started feeling really nauseous and was helped to the bathroom by Kelly where I dry heaved for a bit and then finally threw up all of that cake. While all this was happening I hallucinated that an image of a Hindu deity (scary image when high) was swaying back and forth before my open eyes. I was also terrified that I had overdosed (although no such thing is possible) and that my family and friends would freak out.

I managed to stagger up from the floor/toilet finally and reach the sink to throw water on my face. Not only did I imagine hearing a thunderstorm raging outside about to break the house in half with lightning, I actually RAN AWAY from the bathroom mirror claiming I'd seen a ghost!!!!!

My ex boyfriend and best friend then tried to get me to drink some water and eat a slice of buttered bread, both of which felt awful going down my incredibly dry throat. It took both of them to help me to the next room and lay me on the bed, where I was later joined by my ex who attempted some form of sexual intimacy with me. I was so stoned off that cake that I could barely move my facial muscles to even kiss back!

Finally fell asleep and the next morning woke up feeling awful. Discovered that 'Harry' had taken off very early because his family didnt know where he'd been all night and launched a police complaint about him missing in their anxiety. Imagine me and Kelly having to deal with this crisis while VERY stoned still.

We spent the rest of the day in bed, and found the energy to move around 5 pm. Upon seeing the cake, Kelly attacked it and dumped it in a plastic bag in rage at the trouble it had caused and that was that. I distinctly remember still being in such an altered state that I said hello to a crow while walking on the street.

PS; I have not 'eaten' weed since this experience, but have certainly smoked it more times than I can remember. The only other time I had such horrible hallucinations on weed apart from this was when I took a HUGE bong rip once and once when I smoked weed laced with PCP (I did not know it was laced and wanted to kill the dude who offered it to me when I found out).