This particular trip happene when I was 24. I had previously taken LSD, Native Australian Psilocibin Mushrooms and DMT. I have taken LSD 12 times in my life and the last time was pure hell.

Having moved to a new city and without a house, I was staying in a hotel, I took 1/2 a tab of LSD and went to see Avatar in 3d. Which kicked ass, but when I got back to my hotel room I took another whole tab of acid. I had always wanted to trip balls on acid. I had taken 7 mushrooms once and tripped so hard it was like an avalanche. I loved it.

But on acid I had never gone to the next dimension. Now I had to chance it. However, my nervousness at doing it built and built until I was lying on a bed crying. 

People say you should change the music, go for a walk, call a friend or anything else to turn a trip from bad to good. But trust me, when I was tripping balls and waves of panic and fear were rushing through me, I didn't remember these things.

I was thinking of suicide when I called the ambulance. I had never even considered suicide before that, and in all fairness I know now that I would not have done it, but the thought just raised my stress and fear level.

I was taken to hospital where they gave me valium, which by the way kicked the trip into hyperspace. Waves of exileration rushed through me and I felt fantastic. I realise this was partly a placebo effect. I was afraid and hospitals are safe places where you can be looked after.

However, after about 4 hours they sent me home. This was about 7 hours after taking the second tab of acid. The valium knocked me out and I woke up stressing again. It wasn't brought on by the LSD, it was post traumatic stress. It has taken several months for me to feel normal again, but I know I can never take psychedelics again without the fear. Because I know that a small fear will always be there for me.

I wouldn't wish the experience on my worst enemy. I should have paid more attention to set and setting.  I should have been in a SAFE place with people I trusted and loved. Alone and in a strange place = hesitation, fear, panic and finaly psychosis.

Stay safe.
Peace