It all started when my best friend U told me she had scored some special K. 
I must start this with telling the readers that I was at the time really into chems. 

There say a little clear bottle with the wonderful but deadly drug in it.
I was told not to take a full cap of the drug because I was for sure going to go into a 'k-hole' if I did.
So I started off with a smidget of the ketamine. Everyone I was with did the same amount as I did and within 2 minutes started to trip. 

I sat there and sat there with no effects.
Here comes the 2nd smidget even smaller then the first one and there I went.

At first everything around me wether it was music, the tele, people talking or just the room I was in (kitchen) seemed to me as things seem to me while I'm heavily intoxicated. THEN everything started to blur around me and I felt as if there was no ground underneath me.

About 10 minutes in I started to lay on the floor making a breast stroke movement. 
I felt nothing and when I say nothing I don't mean I wasn't tripping I literally felt NOTHING.

Everything seemed to not be there.  I could see things...but feel nothing.

About five minutes later I was throwing up bright purple liquid into the kitchen sink(i ate nothing purple). No recolection of standing up to do this.

Next thing I remember is walking up a spiral staircase but not having the feeling of walking more like floating and elevating up the stairs.

As soon as I got into my bestfriends room I hit the mattress and then every party of my body was unable to move... paralyzed.
I could hear and understand everyone around me but I was not able to join in conversation. I was shaking as if I was having a seizure and I was freezing. During the entire 2.5 hours that followed I was like this.

After about two and a half hours i started moving my foot and the rest of my body followed. I looked up as if I just woke up and felt completely sober again.

Great trip in small amounts, no comedowns... horrible 'k-hole'.