 This trip was done during June  with myself and three of my good friends. It took place in San Elijo, San Diego at 3:30pm on a pretty warm day. We all eight an eighth of dried mushrooms that were of high quality. All of us were experienced with mushrooms, as for myself, this would be around the 15th time ingesting. The location we decided to eat the mushrooms was quite an adventure to get to the final destination. The journey started with these caves that were hollowed out by rain and people over many years. This resulted in human sized tunnels that you could climb, which when you got to the top you were about 150 feet high on a mountain. From here you could see the ocean and plenty of open land. The report starts about 50 min into the trip and was written the next day.

Like a theme park. As we come, others leave. Some just aren't able to understand it, while others were shown this world or maybe were lucky and stumbled across it. ' Have Fun', were the words from a fellow journeyman leaving the caves. These were the first words I was able to soak up and have some meaning. Walking doesn't feel right. It's hard to breathe. Did I make a mistake. Small stops to gather our thoughts and breathe. Maybe we did this too early. The sun kinda hurts. We're there, now what. Everyone is catching their breathe, really just wasting time to figure out what the next move is. 
	
Silence. Awkward silence. Where do we sit? Music. Can't think. Try to put together these symbols that create words. Can make out letters, but they don't form any meanings. Music on, but not right. Struggle through. Need Change. It starts. A patch of grass and weeds become my pillow and the dirt my bed. There's a reddish tint to the dirt, surprisingly comfortable. The tops of the trees. The end of the branches begin to have a sparkle, similar to the stars at night, going in and out of existence with the music. In my head. Almost overwhelming. My family, my friends, the past, are all parts of the branches. The stories. All have meanings. I am the tree. I am this tree. Visions. My mom on the couch, I'm drifting. What's happening? Back to the branches. Energy flowing. Connection. All one piece. Outside my head. Try to stay their. Not in my body. Floating. Back in Time. Human/Ape. The facial structure, my legs, half my face. Simple. One thought at a time, that's all I'm capable of. Beautiful. Alive. The trees, slowly swaying. Hands behind my head, legs sprawled out, one foot over the other.
	
The nats. You can tell they've been here since the beginning. They land, I try to swat away. On my nose. Pops into existence. It's alive, then pops back out. Watch. See others pop. I realize nats do have consciousness, but not all the time. Early man must have dealt with nats and bugs landing on them, just as I was. Begin to not to care if they land on me. Music. Am I creating this? Or was the music created by this moment? Different visuals different thoughts.
	
See the others. My friends. Brings me back. Decide to drift back away. Don't see them, but know they're there. One brain. Same frequency different places. The clouds, the ocean, the horizon. A voice. I listen. I talk. The clouds began to tell a story. Pictures of mythical creatures, Gods, the beginning, wars being played out from the start. Yet still unraveling. Unfolding. The visions stop. I'm not allowed to see them anymore. I'm back. Come too. We all talk, explain, different visions, different places. Try to understand each others experiences without much luck. Decide to head back down. Reach the starting point. The point where we first entered. I look back into the caves, it was like looking back into the past. Memories. A sacred moment in time. Early man.