To give a little background on myself, I am 16 years old and have been smoking for over a month now. I have had many problems with my dad and ended up going into a deep depression due to me not being able to express my emotions, but little did I know this was about to change.

Onto the trip, it was a good Wednesday morning, my friend spent the night as we were planning on going to the movies with two of our other more experienced stoner friends. So, we figure out the time and movie that we are going to see. The movie started at 11:40 and we got there around 11:20 or 11:30 giving us time to smoke a blunt in the car. About halfway through the smoking session one of my friends points out that it is already 11:45, so we finished up the blunt rather quickly and started walking to the theater.

By this time I am already feeling the effects. We get the tickets and find the theater, and by this time the lights are already off so we can't see a thing.

We were going to sit on the top row since we were in a small theater, so while walking up the seemingly endless stairs I realize that I won't be able to see if the stairs end and I will probably hit the seats at the top and fall. So I am trying to keep my balance as I take each step. Eventually I reach the top and like I had figured I hit the seats and stumbled, but I did not fall due to me holding the rail. I slide down a couple seats giving my friends room and I just relaxed.

It was probably about 5 more minutes and the movie started, I was reaching my climax at this point. The movie we were seeing was a Sci-Fi movie, so I knew that it was probably going to be frightening and verry strange. I was right, the movie was very odd and I had trouble keeping up with it. During the first ten minutes of the movie all I could see was a small part of the screen that I was focusing on and the rest was blurry. This being a quite frequent effect that I get I enjoyed it, moving my focus to different spots on the screen trying to guess what was going to happen, etc.

Enough about the movie, By the time I got home I was still decently high. Since my parents are divorced my dad calls me every other week on Wednesday. So it gets to that time and he calls, and due to the effects of the Marijuana without hesitation I told my father how I truly felt about what he has done. 

Without the help of Marijuana I believe that I would have ended in deep depression before this year ended, if not worse.

I will deffinitely continue my use of Marijuana.