It was my first time taking any kind of hallucinogen.  My girlfriend managed to get me 1/8th in a chunk of chocolate the shape of an ice cube, tasting like it was made of melted chocolate chips.

Some people had me expecting something frightening, and some people had me expecting something spiritual.  All I really knew was that I had to make sure I was in a good mood when I took them.

The first thing I noticed was that the wall on the other side of my friend's room seemed to be smeared with dirt, like someone had dunked a big sponge in dirty water, and then splashed it across the wall.  I mentioned this to the girl in the room, 'What is all over that wall?' and she confirmed that it was very dirty.  I was the only one frying.

I started to notice that normal perspective things were seeming strange.  Like, I looked down the hallway, and the normal way it would shift from my point of view when I moved my head seemed outrageous.  I was typing a text into my phone for my girlfriend, and the space between the qwerty buttons, and the light coming through, seemed wild.  Like they were really deep.

Later I looked at the wall with the dirt again, and was a little surprised to see that it was in the shape of a skeletal horse, and a dragon, and some other stuff, moving around and shifting.  It wasn't scary, because I knew what was going on.  It was very cool to look at.

As the trip intensified, and more people were around, they were trying to get me to look at certain music videos and stuff, that are supposed to be crazy when you're frying.  I couldn't be bothered to pay attention to them, though.  It was much more interesting to look at the textures on the walls, and fabric, and the floor.  To look at any texture for any amount of time, it would begin to shift, and change, in one way or another.

At one point, and through the rest of the night (even when I was coming down) the dirty wall in my friend's room looked 3d.  As in, it looked like the wall was glass with the crazy shapes (dragons and horses) etched into it.  Then, six inches back, it looked like there was a real wall, that the frosted glass was casting shadows onto.  The perspective was perfectly realistic, and when I moved my head from side to side the shadows moved around behind the glass realistically.  I kept telling my friend that it was 'very convincing.'

My arms felt long, and if I were to close my eyes, without looking at them, it seemed like I was doing things with my hands several feet away.  When I did close my eyes, I would see these 3d shapes that were covered in a small grid of a certain image, as if you had a repeating image as a texture on a 3d model.  The image in the grid was once like a drawing of mushrooms, and once like berries and leaves, always in a small repeating grid.

And when I looked into the mirror, my face would melt, and droop, and start to look very old and strange.  None of this was frightening to me.  I wish I had stared at any certain illusion for a longer time, but nothing was holding my attention for very long.  People had said that a messy room would seem disgusting when on mushrooms, but I found I didn't notice it at all.

I enjoyed it a lot.  My brain felt a little fuzzy the next day.  My girlfriend is going to try it with me in a couple of weeks, when the kids are with their grandmother, and we'll see if my experience is as good.