As an age seasoned partier, I often think back to my 20s when acid tripping was a common weekend activity. Often yearning for those happy days. Now my life was work and care filled for my dear wife and other commitments. When an old friend mentioned he scored some blotter, I could not resist a trip after nearly 2 decades of sobriety. My wife was gone for a weekend on a business trip so I went for it.                                                                     

On a saturday about noon, I dropped 2 hits of the blotter, I turned on the tv without sound and set the stereo to a classic rock station. After an hour of thinking maybe it was bogus blotter. I felt a tingle of excitement creeping over me. As the pattern in the carpet began to dance with the music, I felt warm all over. Like an old friend gave me a hug. I watched the tv characters fumble through their roles. I even began to understand what they were saying despite the music. Everything they did was unusually funny and I rocked with laughter. I never felt so good, I was in complete control of my mind. As the walls shimmered and vivid color patterns danced on the wall to the music, I wondered why I had feared returning to acid land. I was the trip master. I was at the top of the world.                                                                   

It was now about 3 hours after dropping, and I noticed objects in the room seemed out of place. The picture of my wife was hanging on the wall, but it was on the wrong wall. I struggled to my feet and examined the picture closely, as an average gal it was an average picture. The chrome picture frame glowed brightly, it almost blinded me with its brilliance. As I stared, she morphed into the most pretty girl I'd ever seen like ms america. The she melted into a demon girl, with fangs and blood dripping from her mouth. In horror I stumbled away back to the couch.                                                                     

The peak washed over me in waves, time had no meaning. The beautiful carpet patterns changed to a dark fearful pit. Paranoid I lost all sense of comfort. As the walls flashed thru colors at a maddening speed the room grew darker. My heart raced, my stomach tightened into a knot. I knew I was dying. The music faded away and seemed very distant. Visions of my life flashed thru my mind. The couch seemed hot and sticky, and I couldn't move. It seemed like hours and hours I was numb and confused. I stared at the wall unable to move, visuals of all shapes seemed to suffocate me.  

Finely my mood lifted, the grip acid had on my mind began to ebb. Although I was still tripping, I could stand up. I was hungry, it took me 15 minutes to make a sandwich. When I bit into the sandwich it felt like mushy goo. I threw it into the sink and stumbled back to the couch. 

As I lay there thinking 1000 thoughts per minute, I realized I will never trip again. I was too old, I felt ancient. The young party days of the past seemed like a distant memory. I wanted the trip to end, but it dragged on till I felt hollow inside. The dancing walls were fading fast, so I took a walk outside. The fresh air seemed to bring me back. My mood improved. 

Although the trips ride up was exhilerating, I went thru 3 or 4 hours of hell. I have no regrets, I knew what I was in for. Over time we all tend to remember the good trips and forget the bad ones. I did them all in one day. 

Exhausted I went to bed at 9pm and watched faint patterns on the ceiling until I fell asleep.