The Experience of Ecstasy

The first time I experienced ecstasy was around 1995 while visiting some friends in San Francisco.

It was mid day and I was out with my friend Xavier watching some people parasailing near Thornton Beach. It was a mostly unplanned event and I had eaten not too long before dropping. That combined with having done only a half hit left me with nothing more than sheer disappointment. I thought it to be rather a waste overall and had not had another encounter for 8 years.

On my second try, and after relocating to the city, some friends had invited me to join them one evening for a visit to Club Universe. I love to dance and always felt that I was a pretty free-spirited dancer when I hit the floor. We'd talked previously of my prior experience with "E" and the disappointment I'd experienced and they suggested that to get the best effect I should make sure to have an empty stomach so that day, I only ate a salad in the early afternoon so as to be sure that I would be properly primed and ready.

Around 9 pm or so we met up and went to the club where they split up the tabs outside for us. I again only took about a half tablet and we went inside to look for some other friends who were to join us. While waiting for the others my friend Charlie asked me if I had felt anything yet and I said no. We'd still not hit the dance floor and I was becoming rather bored so I asked if they would mind if we could dance. There was definitely some excellent music but another ten minutes I was asked again if I felt anything and I said no but that I needed to take a leak and said that I was going to the bathroom and would be back. 

As I walked off the floor I noticed that I was walking as if stepping on balloons. Whoa, this was different! I found myself gently stepping my way to the bathroom which of course was quite crowded. After a successful engagement with the porcelain I made my way back out into the sea of bodies and found my friends again who now had been joined by the others. Charlie again asked me if I was "there" yet. OH YEAH, was my response! Chuckling at me he asked if I was okay and I told him I've gotta dance now! We made our way into the center of the crowd and wow. I was definitely up in the stratosphere but still quite able to function. The music was in a word, exquisite and I felt as if we all were one on the floor. I hadn't realized how stiff I really was as a dancer prior to this but felt totally into a new groove. We surely had been dancing for only a few minutes when my friends suggested that we grab some water and sit for a bit since we'd been on the floor now for nearly forty-five minutes. Forty-five freakin' minutes, how awesome! 

We grabbed drinks and sat down in the lounge area and proceeded to become the most intimate I'd ever been without being sexual. The funny thing was I didn't want to be sexual at that point, I just wanted to touch and talk and love all of my friends in the most uninhibited way. I was feeling truly sublime. After another half hour or so of rest we went back out to the floor and danced some more but noticed that we were all starting to come back down. Charlie and his partner Guy then suggested that we head back to their home and do the other halves. Another friend came too and we did the other halves and got down to have sex. The "E" itself was having a negative effect on my libido so mostly we just held on to each other and cuddled naked with an occasional stroke and some kissing. Around 4 am we decided to head to bed with I and Guy in one room and Charlie and the other friend in the living room dozing. I found however that I couldn't sleep and so went out on the second story deck that was just off the bedroom where I plopped myself down in a lawn chair and watched the sun come up. This was possibly the best part of the entire evening. Truly one has never experienced the euphoria that is life until you've watched the sun unfold itself from the east in San Francisco.

I had a few more experiences with ecstasy after that time and mostly they were similar in effect. Mostly I believe it was because I chose to keep this as a "special occasion" kind of drug. Eventually I moved away from San Francisco and it's been years since I last did ecstasy but I would have to say if the opportunity ever presented itself again, and I knew that the shit was good, I'd do it again without hesitation. It was the most joyous thing that I've ever experienced.