This experience was far more intense than any other psilocybin session I've experienced and I was not prepared for how intense this one would be.  

In short (VERY short), my experience could be best described as an overload of memories and of all the senses.  I enjoyed the experience very much and had many periods of joy, amazement, and ecstasy.  I am very glad that I experienced what I did that night.  However, it was also one of the most terrifying experiences of my life and I hope I never trip so hard again. If I were to pick the one theme that characterized the majority of my trip it would be 'the mushrooms as a living entity inside me which I was battling against, trying to hold on to some ounce of reality while the shrooms laugh and play with my mind'. 

I began the trip in a good state of mind.  The effects came on very quickly and started in intense visuals (colors, shapes). These colors began to overtake my vision even with my eyes open.  I found it almost easier to control with my eyes closed because at least my thoughts were focusing into something.  It started to become difficult for me to keep on one track of thinking or feeling.  This is when the shrooms started talking to me, which they would do for the rest of the trip.  I realized how strong this trip was going to be, turned to my friend who I was tripping with and said 'I'm insane right now'. ..... He had no idea what I was talking about :) but it was the best I could communicate at that moment.

My mind took me on a trip traveling through time, feeling as though my consciousness is that of someone else and seeing myself.  I felt guilty, enlightened, scared, trapped, loved, and at peace.  At times I felt dissociated from myself and this world; I had the feeling of being on the edge of things greater than this world.  Feeling as though I was the total mercy of God and that I was playing with power I should not.  I couldn't remain in one state of mind because my thoughts and my senses of touch and sight were moving too fast.  I'm playing one scenario out in my head which is terrifying me, while I'm playing another scenario that gives me the greatest happiness, while every nerve in my body creates visions that also want to be at the center of my consciousness.

The next day after my trip I enjoyed nature in a way that I never had.  I visited a very beautiful place and was so SO happy to be experiencing it sober. An overload of the senses, but afterward I was happy to be able to just SEE everything versus picking out every molecule in what I'm seeing and having each molecule come alive :).