After a couple years of somewhat regular use, there are a few things I started to notice.  One is that I starting looking at life and the 'rules' differently.  So I know there were some changes going on, a waking of the mind.
   
I had been color blind since a traumatic event as a young child.  I have some ideas on why, and know the how, but being color blind is embarrassing to say the least. Let me just say, the 'need' for color got put unto the back burner for the sake of preservation. At many points in my life, if the crayon didn't have the label on it, I could not tell you what color is was, other than light or dark.  Grey, brown, green and dull red's all looked exactly alike to me.  Beyond that I can tell a difference between the primary colors, especially if I knew that's all that was there, but it was more by elimination than recognition.  
     
Anyway one day I took a couple hits, and was walking down Garnet Ave.  My friend at the time was on the same dose as me, and we were feeling it.  As I walked and tried not to look too many people in the eye, there were red bricks on the ground, and they really got my attention.  They looked more red than normal, but more than that they had a 'uniqueness' about them I had never seen before.  The texture was 'trippy' but more than that, the colors just had my attention like never before.  The color had meaning to me, which it never had.  Then like a bad movie, A purple laser beam shot out of the corner between two of the bricks, and hit me in the eye.  There was nothing there just bricks and mortar, but something had happened, I had seen purple for the first time in my life.  I understood it, recognized it as a color in itself, not just a shade of blue.  An audible pop went off in my head when this happened, and to this day, 20 years later, I still see colors.  I don't see them with an 'artists' eye, but life is much better for me now, I can stop and smell the flowers, and appreciate the melody of colors that populate a spring meadow. Life has much more depth to me, and I believe LSD rebooted part of my brain that had been disabled in my past.