I recently acquired a gram of ketamine for a friend who'd been talking about it a lot; I actually ended up with a 1/4 gram of it myself. 

This particular batch was billed to me by my dealer as being 'human grade' and in fact came in a crystalline form one rarely sees ketamine in. I hadn't used ketamine at all for years prior to this experience, so it was a bit insane to decide on a whim to intravenously administer a sizable dose (1/8 gram, more or less) of this heretofore personally untested substance. But I am admittedly a pretty intense person who has overadministered a great deal of arcane substances into his bloodstream, so I decided to do a hit for SCIENCE!!  

Despite the myriad inconsistencies prevalent in street/club drugs, I basically gave myself the biggest intravenous dose I felt I could comfortably handle-I knew it could render me completely useless for a few hours but as long as I didn't pass out and choke on my own vomit, I would be okay in the morning. The LATE morning. Other than the ketamine, the only substance I'd had was cannabis and I already have sort of a high baseline level of THC in my system all the time-it doesn't seem to really interact with the ketamine. 

I had already made myself comfortable sitting upright in my bed and had a receptacle nearby in case I had to barf, along with my cellphone ready to dial 911 just in case. It was around 2am when I took my shot (still a pro!). It started to hit me within a minute and was already feeling almost overwhelmingly strong. I felt as if my body were somehow dissipating, and at the same time as if a warm shimmering mist that was made of everything began to ABSORB into me, of course it sounds weird, it fucking WAS. 

I felt absolutely helpless, incapacitated by the drug to the point that I had seemingly no motor control and had in fact sort of SURRENDERED to the experience, I was completely in its thrall and I could not really make sense of even the simplest idea, the landscape was a pleasantly mystifying blur that I consciously had stopped trying to discern particular objects and their functions. I think it is an important thing to know if you find yourself a bit overpowered by whatever substance you've ingested, the power to GIVE IN to it, and know that it IS going to come to an end shortly. But just as I had completely reverted to an insensate jelly-like state of acquiescence, I started gettin' NAUSEOUS. Uh-oh. So I barfed into my conveniently placed bag and held on for dear life. I puked a LOT. 

After that I mostly just felt blurry and very wobbly on my feet and somewhat pleasantly anesthetized. The really intense part of the experience, right up to the puking, must have lasted a couple few hours and I felt pretty mellow after the puking for maybe an hour, then I passed out so I do not have a terribly accurate gauge of how long the entire thing lasted. 

I guess I should finally say that this was kind of not really worth it to me, having sort of already explored the unnerving psychedelic side of drugs like ketamine. I guess that if you seek to learn about these things through experience, you would just do well to fully understand what your own limitations are and respect them. Safe journey, everybody!!!