Recently my boyfriend and I gained possession of a nice amount of DMT. We had lots of fun, blasted a close friend off, but I'm only going to go into detail about my last trip, the most intense thing I've ever experience. 

I had already smoked DMT on a few occasions, and had a crazy-intense, almost bad trip before so I knew what to expect. We had just gotten home from a week long excursion full of car problems so we were really stoked to finally go home and get to blast off in a normal place, his bed, something very comfortable for us.

We dimmed the lights, got naked, and put on 'Dark star' (kick ass stereo system yesss), he portioned out himself a bowl, hit it for as long as possible then handed me the bowl slowly as he drifted back to the pillow and exhaled.

I took the knife, bowl, and bag and started to portion out at my hit as he started to trip and grab onto me almost knocking it out of my hand. I remember saying I'll join you in a second. I hit it, it is the longest hit of eternity. His room starts to melt and turn into clay. As I exhale, all of reality disappears. The room splits in half, fluttering almost like butterfly wings. The edges of his room/my vision furl out to each side, and simultaneously the same image grows from a tiny center point, over and over. A kaleidoscope. I lean back and fall into the pillow, and look over at my boyfriend, his face is constantly changing, but at the same time, I can see him clearly. This is when I decide to close my eyes. I instantly leave me body. I felt all my energy center and float up, up, up.

It's unlike any DMT trip I've ever had. Usually, it's more.. Cartoon-y.  This was so life like. I was in a room, surrounded by people. People in clothes that reminded me of genesis-times. I remember thinking 'I want to stand up, I want to walk with them, I want to be with them' But I didn't have to get up. I began to walk and the rooms changed, I went through a series of colorful rooms, and saw different people. I saw an older man sweeping, yet he wasn't exactly a man, I wanted to walk up to him and see him but I couldn't, I was being pulled to another room. I saw someone writing, I wanted to read it. I was trying to read it so hard, but couldn't make it out, it wasn't english, just a series of lines and dots and shapes.

At this point, I remembered I wanted to look at my boyfriend. I wanted to see his face. I knew that at this point, if I opened my eyes I could definitely see him more clearly. We started to cuddle and run our hands all over each other. It was amazing, this went on for a few minutes and then we started to kiss. He looked at me almost startled and said 'I think this is the first time I've ever kissed on DMT' we went back to just laying in each others arms and I closed my eyes again. Beautiful shades of pink, amber, purple, reddish tones, pastel tones, beautiful beautiful colors. I felt him kissing my face and heard the music playing and started thinking about love and sex and children in a very pure, primal, maternal way. I can't explain it in any other way than 'I understand now'. That's what I was thinking, I understand.

As I was thinking of these things, I was surrounded by millions and millions of pinkish purple entities. People... but not people. Everywhere. At this point I was holding onto my boyfriend almost clutching onto him, with the biggest smile on my face. Although there were many many 'people' rushing around me at once, one stayed close to me the whole time. I had my eyes closed, and I could feel my boyfriend, but at the same time I could see this entity, and I wanted to feel it, to touch. I remember thinking that and it simultaneously touching me, and my boyfriend. It was touching me. I had an orgasm. It wasn't sexual, it didn't FEEL like an orgasm, but I just felt wetness pouring out of me. It was insanity.

I slowly came back, but was still closing my eyes and having visuals. 'You ok, babygirl?' I heard my boyfriend say. 'I'll...tell you... Two seconds' I replied. The banjo in dark star came on and I found it so amusing, I giggled and giggled. I came back to reality.

'I love you... They touched me. I touched them' were my first words back in reality. 'What who?' I started to tell him about my trip, he reached down and touched my no no zone and was like 'WHAAAAT'

Well, that's about it, I don't really feel like typing more, I think you get the point.

PS; At one point, I felt the need to vomit. Not nausea, it was a good-puke. I didn't, out of respect for my dude, because I knew he didn't want that on his bed. But I knew that if I did I would have been happy. I felt like I would have been purging all of the bad impure stuff out of me.

[Reported Dose: '.1-.2 grams']