I am submitting this experience because I think it might be helpfull for people to read it. The experience itself sure helped me, changed my life for the good.

Me and some friends decided to chill in the woods, next to the village where I live in Belgium, and try to make a fire. It was around 9 o clock when we entered the forest. We had some DMT with us which we wanted to try. Unfortunaly we didn 't have a good pipe to smoke it, so we tried making a pipe with some aluminium but the effects were minimal. In the meantime I was also trying to get the fire on but it didn 't seem to work so well. Some friends already left because they didn 't believe I was gonna succeed getting the fire on. But it made me more determined and for some reason I didn 't want to leave that place before I got the fire on. The friends that remained also were starting to get demotivated, but I kept trying and after an hour or so I finally got the fire burning. It made me very content and with my best friends that remained we smoked some joints and drank some beers. 

But it was all ready getting late and we decided to put out the fire which gave these sparkling pieces of coal which resemble like firework in the dark. Before we left I remembered there was still some DMT left in the aluminium pipe from the earlier trials which weren 't so succesfull. So I decided to try what was left. My friend held up the lighter against the self made pipe and to my surprise I got a hard hit. Immediately I felt like some kind of presence came over my and was trying to knock me of my legs. It felt like an intense rush. I looked at my friends and I could bring out something like "now I 'm feeling it all right". They advised me to go lay on the ground. As I was looking at the burning coals on the ground I blinked my eyes and suddenly saw the coals submerge in the face of a woman made of brilliant colour with long hair like fireworks. I layed myself against a big log, closed my eyes and there she was. Some kind of godess or female divinity that shone it seemed to into my very soul or third eye, depends how one want to call it. It gave me the most comforting, relaxing feeling ever. All though it felt familiar like from an other lifetime. It was like I somehow knew her and she knew me. I was completely indulged by universal/human kindness and it felt extremely relaxing and euphoric. I felt released by all fears and anxieties I had ever had and it was so comforting. After something like 10 minutes she slowly subsided and smoothly floated away leaving me still very relaxed. One friend had still stayed with me and we chilled some more until I felt ready to go home.

This experience has certainly powered my believe in human and universal love and that one must persist with kindness. It felt like some beautiful godlike creature had payed me a visit from heaven telling me that everything will be ok. 

I was still a virgin at that time. I am a quite handsome, smart and sympathetic guy but girls never really seem to get me nor they get my notion of free love. A few months latter I met a beautiful girl who seemed to fall on me with her heart broken by her ex boyfriend because she had cheated on him. It was very nice to cuddle and comfort each other in this sometimes very cold and lonesome world. So she proposed to have sex then and I off course didn 't refuse. When she was on top of me I had a flashback to the DMT experience in the woods. Just for a second or so when her face was close to mine and her hair fell over my face, her face became the face of the godess with he hair mad of firework.

But after a few weeks she told me that she didn 't want "a relationship" with me (whatever that means). And here ex boyfriend called her back, he is kind of the jealous type so she doesn 't want to see me any more because she 's afraid her boyfriend will dump her and she really seems to love him so.

But still this experience gave me an ubreakable confidence which nothing or nobody can destroy and I now know my goal in life. It is to protect and even fight for what is true and good in this world and that is love and true love only.

Thank you for reading, I hope this will be helpful!