I'm writing this in an attempt to describe the most intense psychedelic experience I've had out of many, although certainly not the most experienced person I know I've been a regular user of most of the basics, mushrooms, LSD and MDMA, and I've experimented with a few others like salvia and ketamine on several occasions. The report I'm writing now however concerns DMT. I've tripped about 15 times on DMT and even though I've been abducted by aliens and spoken to entities made of millions of morphing body parts there is one trip that stands out amongst the rest as being the most vivid and earth shattering by far.

I placed the crystal (approximately 65-85 mg) on a bed of mullein in a small pipe; it was a little smaller than half a pea, maybe the size of three or four grains of rice. I held the flame over until it melted and turned to vapor. I remember two friends were sitting on either side of me to watch the whole thing melt because it was by far the largest that had come in the bag. At that point I had felt very comfortable with DMTs effects because it had always felt safe even at high doses. 

I inhaled and briefly wondered just how hard I'd trip, I held the vapor and mullein smoke and even before I exhaled, the world shook and black rips appeared across every surface in the room. Rainbow fractals began to cascade out until they consumed my vision, at which point, the piercing pattern shook and broke again, images I associate with tripping, purple oil slicks, protests, outdoor shows and sixties busses appeared all around me and dissolved again, giving way instead to a beautiful patterned reality pulsing with the music I was listening to, now morphed beyond recognition into something incredible and fast as lightning.

I began to cough and dry heave, no longer human but instead part of this new reality, I felt as if I were violently releasing something un-natural from my world, some evil force was being expelled as my mind was cleaned.  Then I saw a pipe and box repeating over and over like I was looking at two mirrors lined up so I put the pipe, my last visual connection to the outside world in the box. (Up until this point I had never experienced full open eye out of body, even though DMT is always earth shattering I can always see some remnants of reality when my eyes are open) I am now made up of amazing geometric patterns and repeating shapes constantly shifting and warping in a world of infinite complexity and I can see from all directions and angles as if I was looking in on this reality with a million eyes.

At this point I begin to rock and cough unable to convey anything in the real world besides "how the fuck is this even possible" I can still somehow hear myself and my friends only I no longer understand them, I feel as if that reality is disconnected and somehow distant and instead feel a physical and emotional bond with this new world as if I am permeating every cranny of its infinite space, time has no meaning but instead seems infinite and insignificant all at once, despite this feeling, soon after reaching this state things seemed to reform and the room fell together once again. The experience seemed a vivid dream and I could only remember small pieces. I felt at once relieved but also as if I had forgotten the true meaning of this new world, unable to understand it because I am no longer there.