Let me start by saying a little about myself. I'm 18 and have been experimenting with many drugs for about 2 years now. Some include Cannabis, Ecstasy, Oxycodone, Opium, DXM, Nitrous, Cocaine, 2-CB, BZP, and dozens of various pharmaceuticals. I recently came across ketamine about a month back at a rave and bought a gram since I've been very interested in it. Since then I've done Ketamine about 3 times but nothing could have prepared me for the next time I did it.

All my previous experiences with Ketamine were at raves or amoungst friends so I never truly got to just feel its effects in a relaxed and quiet environment. I wanted to just relax and disassociate myself from the world around me so after I got home from a night with my friends at a party, I pulled out my K.

I took out the vial and poured out approximately 200 mg onto my mirror. It was in large shards so I powdered it very finley and cut it into one large line. I snorted it into my right nostril and quickly got into my bed and put on some trance. As I layed there I could feel myself starting to feel fuzzy, like I was made of cotton. Then I started to hear buzzing and audio distortion. I turned off my music since it was just distracting and I couldn't enjoy it. I felt myself starting to fall (I understand now why they call it K-hole) and as I was falling I could see everything around me becoming smaller like I was just leaving the earth. I began to feel very small and alone, like I was the only one around for miles. Then what happened next is what separated this from any other experience with drugs.

I instantly was in a car with all my friends I was with earlier on in the night and I was driving to Dooms night (A rave in a Large Western Canadian City we're all going to a few months from now). At the time I didn't know that what I was seeing wasn't real, I thought I was actually there. I was seeing the future and I was living in it. I was no longer disassociated but very social. As I was driving I was instantly hit without warning by another vehicle. It happened so fast I didn't even know what hit me but in this state, I had died.

As I died I began to see above myself as if my spirit had left my body and was following it around. I saw paramedic's put me in an ambulance and take me to the hospital, I saw my family and friends standing around me, and I saw my grave. I thought to myself 'So this is death... This is what happens when we die...' I was very surprised to be seeing all this because I've never really believed in life after death or even human spirit. This all came as a shock to me. At the time I didn't really care that much about my death, I was just interested in my own spirit and what would happen to me, where I would go, and what the future held for my afterlife. 

After floating around as a spirit for a while, everything instantly just went black. I started to realize that I had not in fact died and was actually laying in my bed the whole time. This took some time to convince myself I was not actually dead. I got up and walked around, looked in the mirror, talked to myself, thought about what I had just experienced. I knew it was possible to have out of body experiences while under the influence of ketamine but I had no idea how real it would be.

As terrifying as it was, I won't say I regret doing ketamine that night. It was a learning experience that defiantly opened my mind to the many mysteries of life. I think about life differently now.