First Time Taking Mushrooms

A few months back, a friend of mine had taken mushrooms. And though I was a little skeptical at first, she had eventually convinced me to try them. I was looking forward to tripping, being that I have never had any experience prior (though I had taken ecstasy before). I am 24 years old and within a few years I had tried a lot of things. Some along the lines of painkillers, antidepressants, sleep aids, Marijuana, ecstasy, and cocaine. Eventually someone close to me had gotten a hold of some shrooms.

So I decided to buy an eighth for myself and take them with my friend who had taken them before, just to be on the safe side. With her I could at least have some insight on what to expect. We decided to take them at my house, and then gallivant through the neighborhood (I live in the Bronx), I didn't want to stray too far from my house. At first I had eaten a couple caps, and an even amount of stems at maybe 8:30. As I left my house we took the rest of our shrooms with us, in case we wanted more (even though I was advised to leave the rest home by my cousin). About a half hour had passed, and still nothing trippy, my friend had said that it does take a little time. We both crashed on a stoop and decided to eat the whole bag. I would NOT advise someone first taking them to try this.

Maybe 10 minutes later, still sitting on the stoop I felt a wave come over me, my vision was swimming a little, but nothing crazy yet. Then I had a case of the giggles, and for some reason could not stop staring at this prickly bush next to me. We left the stoop to walk up the avenue, with all the neighborhood stores being lit up since it was dark out. As soon as we hit the avenue, that's when the mushrooms really hit us. We had both felt as though we had shrunk, the stores were giant to us, so we laughed. Then we left the avenue the trip was taking a different turn. We passed a train station and colorful restaurant that had looked like a funhouse—but a scary one that was moving in a wave-like fluid motion. People walking past us had no faces, and if they did their eyes were black holes. After walking for a while, my purse felt as if it weighed a ton, so I walked tilted to one side. We felt as though we could not stop walking because if we stayed in place we would melt. At one point the homes in the neighborhood looked bright and colorful, and almost like fake cardboard, or even like models. And even swayed side to side at one point, except for the church. It was also a full moon, which appeared extremely close to the earth. We even saw bright colors, and a rainbow during our walk.

Though my friend and I were on the same page, whenever we turned down a different block one of us would either feel anxious while the other was content. Frighteningly we even felt as though we were going in a circle with dead ends at the end of each block. And all the blocks seemed to have expanded as well. Before we decided to head home, since the walking had become extremely tiresome, we had turned down a dark unpopulated block with all trees, what we saw were these creepy trees that had skulls in the stumps, and the tree's vines were slowly wrapping themselves around the homes and cars parked on the street. And the constant whispering I had heard all night wasn't helping. To say the least I was having a bad trip at that point. So I get to my house around maybe 11:30? and take out my keys, which were melting in my hand! When we got to my hallway (which is painted a bright green) the hall extended, and we shrunk again, it almost looked like Alice in Wonderland. We ran straight to my room, when we got there all the circle patterns on my bed and carpet jumped out at us.

It was a little difficult adjusting from the outside, I felt a little claustrophobic. I made the mistake of looking in my bathroom mirror, my face was so distorted. My eyes were giant cartoony, googley eyes, while my mouth was three times the size of the Joker's grin. When I turned on the t.v., the first thing we saw were lions ripping apart a zebra—which was the most horrifying thing I saw all night. Everything on t.v. was crazy, these people kept walking in circles around a dinner table, another channel people were talking strange gibberish. We watched Footloose, the dancing was hilarious, every actor in the film had Kevin Bacon's face—even the girls! Another film an old woman was in church talking to a priest, he was facing me and my friend, while the woman was in the background facing the wall in a corner. After that we slowly started to come down around 12:30 or so? The trippyness disappeared and we continued laughing for a while, my friend recorded some things on her phone, like how I searched my house for pants even though I was wearing them, and how she was talking to the t.v., or herself, and answering herself when I left the room.

Time is a major factor, It does take a little time kicking in. I had a little stomachache the next day, and was a little out of it. 