Awesome Experience with DMT and THC!!!

Wow! nothing in the world could have prepared me for dmt. 

The world is forever changed with 1 hit of 50mg that lasts 5-15min. Like waking from a dream I forgot the trip as fast and is impossible to remember. Its like sand falling through my fingers trying to remember; the memory vanishes. DMT is stored in everyone's pineal gland in the geometric center of his or her brain. It's the chemical that is released when one is born and when one dies, also its what makes me dream (I think). A higher dose is like dreaming and being awake so I can live the dream. 

Its dark and a street light across the street burn a shade of amber. I smoke a bowl of weed and 50mg of dmt and hold it in for ten seconds. Everything becomes a warm amber color like I put on amber colored shades. I start to see geometric patterns in the plants as they multiple in leafs at a speed so fast it looks like so motion. Then a massive body high feeling arises that turns into a vibration powered by invisible energy.  The vibration increases as does the visuals. At this point I'm wondering how long this will last, as it seems like eternity. Now everything is covered in geometric patterns that are multiplying and contain smaller hexagons. Then they all appear to be different colors but always changing.

I feel the peak coming like riding to the top of a rollercoaster and feeling the anticipation. Still I cannot determine how fast or in what direction the trip will go.  I simply have to let go and enjoy myself in the present moment. Nothing else matters; not time or materialism. Natural is so perfect and mathematical in its fractural nature and the golden mean or Fibonacci series. I'm coming down now as the visuals subside. I'm looking at the same plants that seemed so alive and geometric wondering if I'm still hallucinating. I'm not but they appear to be more beautiful and geometric.

My heart is racing 160bpm like I just ran a marathon. I feel like a new man better than any coke high and super refreshed. My body is still vibrating with energy that is a high frequency. I feel like I've just been born again almost in a spiritual sense. Like I'm free to do anything and have no guilt or shame. I'm full of energy that comes from a universal energy field. Its like I became a reception tower for the universe and suddenly beamed in. The energy vibrates from the center of my brain and through my entire body via the nervous system. I visualize the roots of a tree growing through my body and positive energy flowing through. By now the trip has lasted probably 10 minutes and I'm back to reality. Everything looks exactly like it did before the dmt. I don't feel anything except a massive after glow and feeling like everything is new.  I feel like I'm remembering how to walk one step at a time and how to take a drink. Yet I do and feel like I just awoke from a dream.