First DMT Experience

I'm not very experienced with psychedelics, I've smoked loads of weed and done magic mushrooms a few times, but thats it. After reading about DMT and listening to Joe Rogan and Terence Mckenna's speech about it on Youtube, I wanted to try it.

##EROWID_NOTE:NOT_WEIGHED##

Tried it last night whilst drunk (stupid, I know) got home around 2am after being around town drinking in pubs, sat on my sofa and loaded up my pipe with quite a lot...I'm guessing around 70mg. This seemingly stupid drunken act turned out to be one of the most profound beautiful experiences ever.

I used a pipe, took a big hit and held it for around 15 seconds.... Lit again and managed to take the second and hold it....tried for a 3rd but I dropped the pipe.........


....looked at the tv and it started to split apart, morph and change into geometric colored patterns. Colors I cant even describe. Everything looked holographic. Everything was shaking. All the people on the screen came out and came up into my face...It felt like I had been blasted off into space. My mind unfolded. Everything started to melt and change, morph, twist, in a strange order, kind of mechanical, it was random yet complex and kind of in order, reality itself complete blew apart and everything was psychedelic as fuck. There was a huge feminine feel about the whole thing.

The only thing on my mind was 'this cant be happening, this cant be happening, what have I done' it scared the shit out of me.

Then I remembered to be calm, ride with it. Something/somebody said to me... 'are you ready... Are you ready???' and I was like yes. Then wooooosh I was GONE.

I don't remember much after that, but there were aliens and these things right up in my face, they loved me and wanted me to be in they're dimension. I swear I caught a glimpse of some kind of budda, I think hes the person who asked me if I was ready. This female 'being' fucked me, I'm not sure how, I just remember being mentally fucked by this entity. She loved me. They spoke in weird hums and words I couldn't understand, as I came back to reality my whole body was shaking and quivering like I had some weird orgasm, then for 10 minutes after that I felt like I was tripping on magic mushrooms. I couldn't stop laughing and giggling. I sat there for about 5 minutes saying to myself.... 'what the fuck just happened? What the FUCK?' then I had the most euphoric feeling ever,

I remember as I came down I stood there with my arms outstretched and my head tilted back feeling like I had just gone to the moon, or saved the world or something, so euphoric. My heart was hammering away like a machine gun. The end was like a 'shroom trip for 10 minutes, I sat there looking at my arms and it was like they didn't even belong to me.

I have a small-ish amount left, and I'm going to acquire some more and try it sober in a different setting. It's truly beautiful