Sick Experience

Since my first experience, I have been smoking weed everyday cause weed is awesome. Before my first experience, I have never done research or knew any effects of marijuana. I felt confident to try it and wasnt scared. I never knew the power of drugs. 

So after my first year in high school in the summer, my friend and I grab some proper kush from his area and decide to smoke it in the forest beside a swimming pool, this was on a bright summer day. We sit on a log to enjoy our burn sesh and my friend takes the first hit out of the pipe. I watched him to see how this works. Then I take my hit. At that point I thought that I had a small hit, but it turns out my first hit was huge, maybe a .3. Halfway through my hit I feel like I'm going to die from coughing, and my lungs and throat were irritating like a bitch. I hold my hit in for as long as I can until my lungs start to hurt. After my exhale, I literally couldent see anything, my vision went all black for about 5 seconds and after that it hit me right away. 

I felt light, floaty, spaced out and the sun got way brighter before burning. Everything kind of looks like glass, very bright, deep, and serious look to everything. As I was walking on the grass, I felt very relaxed witch made me want to lye down. After that happened, we start walking to the plaza to 'chill' since we had nothing better to do that day, stoned out of our minds. When we get to the plaza we sit down on the ledge and watch as people pull up to the plaza and people walking by us, it was so funny, I couldn't stop laughing, it was uncontrollable, but awesome. The high makes me feel more aware about everything, myself, as if I were someone else. Sometimes it literally feels like I am watching myself, or my eyes are ahead of me. It is hard to explain but it makes me feel like ' I am there' (sense of well-being). And the body high was great. Every ten seconds or so, my nerves feel like they are mildly shocking me, like a relaxing tingling. And the closed eye hallucinations are sick. I see a bunch of random things fly by me or like treadmill things or space objects circling around me, different trippy machines, shapes, etc. I start to think differently about things, like looking at people, or thinking about myself. Everything I see isnt changed, but it kind of looks funny because I think differently about the design or purpose. When I close my eyes when I'm high, I see yourself moving around like a ball, like I'm getting shaken around, exactly. Sometimes when I'm stoned I literally feel like my hands are made of paper and are floating by me when I walk, it feels good, and most effects are noticeable.

It is a very enlightening drug, and it is very easy to overcome a panic attack during my high, or having a bad trip I have enjoyed my experience with marijuana and going to probably try shrooms, acid later, and dmt laaater. Cya