To start off I am a fairly experienced drug user, especially psychedelics, and me and my friends have been wanting do try dmt. We bought the Mimosa hostilis and all the stuff and made it. They had tried it and thought it was fucking nuts, and I wanted to do it very badly, I had a short window of time where I could do it then I had to be around someone who couldnt know I was doing this drug, by the time they had the batch ready to go I had 10 minutes to do.

We loaded a layer of weed into a large high quality bong with percolators and an ice catcher then loaded a thick liquid form of dmt on top. What he scraped together he said was probably 2 doses. By this time I was very nervous but just hit it, half way through the hit I wanted to stop because it was bothering my throat but I kept going. I took all I could in one large hit then inhaled then exhaled shortly after, one friend told me to try and clear but it had already took me.

As soon as exhaled every thing started shaking horribly and I lost most real senses of life then was just shot into this life spiral where everything kept going then started over again to the point where it seemed like I was living 100 lives all at once that were about a half second apart. I can describe it as a life loop instead of a mind loop if you've experienced that. I just shoved my head into the couch and my friend said grab his hand and to go outside. But I knew I could not yet. He asked again so I just grabbed and went. Stepping over peoples legs was incredibly difficult and I was surprised I didnt step on anyone and then I was out side like I had completely skipped the walk to the door and going out the door. Now I was out side where it was storming very badly and the music from inside was still right in my head. Keep in mind the life loop was still in effect. I was starting to come to terms with what was going on but it was so hellishly intense. I kept saying the same things over and just extended my arms and tried to walk and get a grip on moving but a constant spiral was still happening much like a kaleidoscope.

It started to calm down and I told my friend it had to stop completely before we left for me to go home. It had finally stopped after 15 minutes of what no story's or any drug experience could prepare me for. It was by far the most intense experience of my life. On the car ride home I felt the most extreme happiness, I was thinking so clearly and felt so happy for the rest of the day. It was the best experience of my life despite the constant shift in happiness and miserable sadness. 