My Most Noteworthy LSD Trip

This is the true story, of a most harrowing and roller coaster-like trip on LSD, taken by me and two friends back in 1993. There 
Was my white friend Drew, whose house we were at during the trip, and my black friend Brandon, who supplied the LSD. We dosed at about 9:00 PM.

Dosage: Now this part is interesting, and to this day I'm still not sure exactly how much LSD was taken by me, and here is the reason.. Brandon asked me if I wanted to 'dose', and I said excitedly, 'I sure do!'. So he took a sheet of white blotter LSD out of his pocket and then out of some cigarette cellophane. He wanted to have circle shaped tabs of acid, so he had taken a paper punch and punched out the circular pieces. What remained was a square piece of paper with a bunch of holes in it. The sheet of acid looked kind of like a 'paper snowflake' that you make by folding up some paper and cutting little pieces out of it, then unfolding the paper. Brandon basically took a huge piece of this 'holey' paper, (about 1/4 of the entire sheet) and told me, 'open your mouth and lift up your tongue' so I did, and in went the acid! It must have been between 500 to 1500 ug, assuming 100 micrograms is the standard for one dose. I am guessing the amount I took was fairly high, because at the time of this trip I was already an experienced user, having tripped about 7 other times before, but never reaching the kind of intense clarity and distortion that was about to unfold in my mind.

The trip begins: 
About 45 minutes after eating this rather Large 'wad' of white blotter paper, I started to feel something. It was an excited feeling, but anxious too, because I knew that I had just ate a lot of acid. Indeed I had, and about 1 hour into the trip I began realizing what I was in for. The room started spinning wildly, and so I sat down on the living room couch downstairs, by myself. I looked across the room at the wallpaper which was a simple diagonal mesh pattern with diamonds in between the lines. The wall seemed to be 'breathing' in and out, which I've heard is a common effect while on LSD, but the wall was moving pretty far in distance as it did this. I began to notice that the pattern of the wallpaper was making some kind of 'noise', and I didn't want to hear it anymore so closed my eyes.

I then stood up off the couch to see if I could walk, and that's when I felt the most terrible pain in my stomach. It hurt SO BADLY, that I couldn't even stand up straight. So I stood hunched over, my body basically forming a 90 degree angle, and I held my stomach in my hands and held on for dear life. I wondered how it was that I could be feeling a large butcher's knife stabbing at me, when there was nothing there! Oh the pain! Would it ever cease? All I wanted to do was stand up like a normal person! So, I kept fighting to right myself up, thinking that if I just kept stretching slowly, I could stand all the way up again. Whatever the case may have been, I would soon discover that this was VERY GOOD acid.

90 minutes into the trip: My friend Drew, whose house I was at, came downstairs crying. He was beginning to trip too, in fact all three of us were starting to trip pretty hard. He said that he had just gotten off the phone with his girlfriend and they had a huge fight. So, he was going to drive his car into the suburbs of Chicago, to her house, by himself (and tripping on acid!), a 45 
minute trip, one way! I wished him good luck, and off he went. ##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

With Drew gone, I thought that I would wander upstairs to his bedroom and see what Brandon was up to. He was playing video games and so I sat down on the couch behind him to watch. The game was Wipeout XL for the original Playstation One. Wipeout XL is a spaceship racing game that has amazing, colorful, tunnel like tracks, That the space ships speed down culminating in an incredible 3-D effect. It's a very trippy game, even when you're not on drugs. When I closed my eyes, I could still see the screen, as if my eyes were still open! Closing my eyes caused me to 'become' the Spaceship. I became very content to lay back in the couch with my eyes closed and 'see' myself speeding down this futuristic race track. The music of Wipeout XL was cutting edge electronica from major techno artists like The Prodigy, Chemical Brothers, and my all time favorite tripping song by CoLD SToRAGE called 'Canada'. The music was just so intense, and it complimented perfectly as I 
hovered down the race tracks in my mind, at blinding speeds! This was so much fun, and it went on for about an hour.

 2 hours 30 minutes in: Brandon finally noticed me, sitting on the couch behind him, and he got in my face. He was smiling wide and his teeth were so white compared to his skin, they seemed to be glowing. But all was not well, I believed that I had called him a 'n-word', and that must be why he was getting in my face and being so excited. Brandon was saying, 'You called me a n-word! What do you mean man? How could you call me that? Oh man you're in big trouble! How could you do it, oh... How could you!?'

I was so frightened that in my psychedelic haze, I had accidentally let it slip out and called my friend the n-word! This was disastrous! I felt all of these strangely amplified emotions slapping my body, as if I was walking through an automated car wash and being hit by the spinning cloth brushes. Then I opened my eyes, and Brandon was still sitting in the same place playing his video game. None of it had really happened! My eyes had been closed the entire time! I had never called him a 
name, and he had never gotten in my face! It was all just a dream! My mind was simply dealing with the complex emotions and issues of racism, and I had just had an LSD-induced waking dream with my eyes closed! I sat there stunned for the next 30 minutes, really not wanting to close my eyes anymore.

4 hours after dosing: I went downstairs to find that Drew had gotten home from his adventure. He was tripping real hard, and told me that the cops had pulled him over, but because he was crying so much they didn't notice he was tripping. He told me that it was almost impossible to drive, that all the street lights were creating these long trails and everything was so blurry. He said that dealing with his girlfriend was really hard, and that her emotions were very strange to him, while on acid. I congratulated him on surviving the police encounter and his girlfriend, then we went upstairs into his bedroom, and smoked some marijuana with Brandon.

Around this time, Brandon completely disappeared, and I never saw him again for the duration of the trip. I have no idea where he went, and he was nowhere to be found the next morning.

4 hours 30 minutes in: Drew began playing video games on the Playstation and I was becoming fascinated with his electronic Casio piano keyboard. We were both in his bedroom just doing our tripped out thing. As I played the Casio piano, I realized that I was a virtuoso. I knew entire symphonies and could play them with ease. The Casio sounded so much like a real piano, and I was in heaven, composing music for what seemed like an eternity.

After jamming on the piano for about 30 minutes, I noticed that something was amiss. Upon further inspection, I realized that there were no batteries in the keyboard! And then it hit me! I came to the realization that the LSD had unlocked a part of my mind that had powers to know the exact pitch of every key of the piano! As I pressed the keys, my mind would recreate the correct tone at a volume that was so loud it seemed to be coming from the Casio! I had been fooled for half an hour by this neat illusion. My friend Drew asked me what the hell I was doing. I shared the revelation with him and thought he would be excited too, but he just thought I was being loony, and continued playing his video games.

5 hours in: Peaking very hard still, I was exhausted from playing the piano, so I sat down on the couch in Drew's room and began smoking a cigarette. I closed my eyes. I saw nothing but darkness and yet there was some sort of pattern to the blackness, as if there were spider's threads running horizontally and vertically everywhere, but it was barely noticeable. I was floating in this gentle 'fabric' and I was in DEEP space. I mean I was doing some kind of HEAVY astral travelling. I was FAR, FAR away, from planet Earth, and I could feel God speaking to me. I didn't hear words, but rather felt them, and God told me that everything was LOVE. There was nothing else, just love and perfection. I felt loved by God and the universe, and He revealed all the secrets of the universe to me. All I had to do was float there and become wise and all knowing. All conflict that had ever existed in me or outside of me just melted away, and I was a super-being of pure consciousness, and my body disintegrated into the ether.

Then I awoke to find the room full of smoke. LOTS of smoke. I could barely see to the other side of the room. I could barely 
Breathe and my eyes were burning! In my deep, astral-travelling bliss, I had inadvertently dropped my cigarette into Drew's clothes hamper. It had been smoldering for quite some time. Drew was screaming at me telling me to wake up, there was a fire! I had started it! The house was on fire at 2:00 o'clock in the morning, we were tripping hard on acid, and it was ALL MY FAULT! As we were trying to figure out what to do next, and making a lot of noise, Drew's mother opened the door and walked in. She gave us both a funny look and said, 'Put the fire out and try not to make so much noise' and then she went back to bed.

Well I had quite a reaction to this fire, my eyes were open but I could see nothing in the room, instead a strange little movie was playing inside my head. All I could see was the planet Earth floating in the blackness, and there was one giant house sitting on top of the planet, it was Drew's house, and it was on fire. I was floating rapidly away from the Earth just looking at Drew's house burning there and it was the end of the world. And I was very sad.

But everything turned out OK in the end, and that was basically the end of the trip. We got some sleep after that and in the 
morning I went home. That was the last time I ever took LSD.