This past Halloween weekend I took some LSD. While I had a good and insightful trip, I also had a frightening experience that tested the strength of my psyche.

We all know that set and setting is essential to an acid trip. I was at a good friend's party. I thought it was just going to be people we knew, but it turned out there were friends of his roommate as well. And one of them took an interest in me. (He was not tripping, by the way.)

We got to talking and just to make conversation, I asked him if he was in college. He responded, 'No. I am a private military contractor. I go into foreign countries, take care of business there.. and yeah. I can't really tell you anymore.'

I was like WTF. Let me just say, when I am tripping on acid, that is the last thing I ever want to hear. Especially being the peace-loving, environmental girl that I am. And this guy is telling me he's involved in top secret mercenary activities?!

Even if I was just normal, this would scare me. Um yeah.. I was tripping on acid and terrified.

My interpretation of private military contractors kill people in defense of business and government interests. They are involved in guarding corrupt political figures, training militias, and protecting 'resource extraction sites', such as diamond mines and oil fields. They defend this exploitative, unsustainable way of life. 

It scares me that people like this exist. It scares me that we live in such a violent and unsustainable world. He told me how he served two years in Iraq, and how he'd just gotten back from diamond mines in the Congo. It was all very hard to handle while tripping on acid. The icing on the cake was when he said, 'I'll be right back, I have to go to the hummer'. I was like are you serious. It was like a ridiculous joke at that point. 

It was a terrible encounter, but I managed to draw some positive conclusions from the experience. I feel like a stronger person than ever before. I feel stronger about my beliefs than ever before. What i know to be right, good and true~ I am more sure about than ever.