I am a 21 year old law student from Sao Paulo, Brazil. I have some experience with mind altering substances, including marijuana, LSD, LSA, salvia divinorum and san pedro cactus. I had previously experimented with psylocibe truffles when visiting Amsterdam but did not feel the effects of the substance. 

Obtaining the shrooms and deciding on a dosage

Me and my girlfriend purchased, over the internet, a psylocibe preparation kit. When it arrived, we followed the extensive instructions on how to prepare them, and sure enough, 2 to 3 weeks the kit had spawned about 14 mushrooms of varying size. We harvested them all and measured them to weight about 40 grams. Having read up on dosage over the internet beforehand, we figured a dose of about 20g [fresh] per person to be a good, not too strong, not too weak dose. However, to be safe, we decided to take each only 10 grams and test the effects of this particular batch.

Setting and Preparation

We decided to take the shrooms and just hang around my girlfriends apartment, listening to music on the balcony.

12:00
We cut up about 7 shrooms, put them in water and heated them um for about 30 minutes on a low fire. 

13:00
After that we strained the tea and drank it with small sips, always leaving the tea rest in the mouth for some time, hoping to speed things up. 

13:45
We anxiously waited the tea to kick in for about 45 minutes. After that my girlfriend decides we didnt eat enough and chugs down another 3 small mushrooms with some bread. I decide to wait a little longer.

2:00-3:00
Sure enough, about fifteen minutes later I start feeling a bit drunk. Walking around seems a little funny, I become sloppy, but at the same time, seemingly weightless. I notice a significant increase in my mood. My girlfriend also seems to get in a particular good mood. She was using her laptop, and literally rolling on the floor laughing with some stupid gifs. Colors become a little more enhanced, or at least prettier. 

3:00- 4:00 
I run out of cigarettes and we go out to get them. It was a holiday in Brazil (Nov. 15) so we had a hard time finding some place open. We walk around the town for about forty minutes until we find some place. On the walk home, I notice the exercise has taken the edge off the experience. I still have a good mood and everything is still amazing, but I don't feel as drunk as I did before. I felt disappointed thinking the experience was weakening.

4:00 - 6:00
However we get back home and things start getting more intense. My girlfriend lies on the floor and starts laughing. My head is rushing with thoughts and I get very energetic. As the day wore off, so did the effects of the shrooms. All the effects up to that point had been very mild. It was the sort of a background substance, which could even have been used in a party. The most notable thing was a particular enhancement of the mood. 

So, to sum up, I think this was a considerable effect, since each of us had taken no more than 10 grams. I think this is a good dose if I still have to function while high. We had no problems in that area. We could normally go out and talk to people without them knowing. Next time, however, I'm going to go for a much larger dose. We are dehydrating the shrooms and hoping to become non-functional for our next trip.