A couple of weeks a go I took E with a close friend of mine. 

I used to be a pretty depressive person, thinking a lot about the 'down' side of life, I even took anti depressants for about a year. That never really worked, I hated the idea that it wasn't really me, but the pills that made me happy. I wanted to be able to do that by myself.

I always wanted to try xtc, but my mom (yes, I am very open with her and she has her own experiences with all kinds of drugs) told me that was dangerous in combination with my medication. As soon as I was off Paroxetine for three months I figured it would be safe to try. I heard a lot of things from friends about their experience and it just sounded like something I'd like.

We popped the first half at about 9 o'clock. At first I didn't feel much, we sat behind the computer listening to some songs and I do remember that I appreciated it way more then I normally do. About one hour later we took the second half, and within 15 minutes I felt it. I just hit me. We decided to stay home to be most comfortable. We laid in bed for 6 hours with the music on and a big big smile on our faces. We hugged for hours and had the most amazing conversations. Everything was great, I finally accepted my break-up (which was just weeks before this experience). I forgave myself for mistakes I had made, got total peace with myself.

At 6 in the morning we fell asleep together, and I woke up like a new person. I am still completely relaxed, I don't get mad as fast as I used to. I think about the good in life and deal with the bad. I had a little bit of a headache the next day but it didn't last that long. I still have the 'euphoric' feeling till today, 2 and a half weeks later. I even got many compliments from people saying I changed so positively, that I finally seem happy and real. It feels like I finally found myself.

I can still get the entire experience back by just listening to music, which is great for moments of stress. I have not had any depressive thoughts after the use. I did not experience the other negative side effect I've read about, no paranoia, no anxiety and no hangover (well the headache, but I'm not even sure if that had anything to do with the drug). 

I am very happy I did this the way I did. We got our drugs tested, we stayed home (comfort zone), drank enough water and there were sober people around us whom we trust. I have not had a single problem with this drug and I 'll probably try it again. It was perfect.