	The way someone would most likely describe me would be 'Hippy'. Good, bad, I take is for what it is. I love the Earth, animals, and the sense of deeper and subconscious learning. I've had past substance experience with (approximately): 
Mushrooms 25+ times ; Ecstasy 10-12 times ; LSD 8-10 times ; Extensive pharm experience ; Habitual Marijuana use over the last 3 years ; Ether for a few weeks;
GHB 3 times ; DXM 20+ times ; Cocaine 6 or 7 times  ; Salvia twice ; Diphenhydramine once ; 2C-(B or E) ; Morning Glory ; DMT: a resin rip with subtle effects.
  
Looking for something as inconsistent as LSD can be a deterring factor in the continuation of the search, But when the storm is right and the road to psychedelic enlightenment is paved, you have Bliss and a baby's head.

	'Yeah man I have a friend who can get that, its ridiculously pure though, so it's gonna be $15 a hit.' 'Oh I see, How about if I buy 10?' 'Same thing' ...

After debating, I figured I trusted the kid enough for him to deliver on his word, and after all acid is quite the commodity. After the usual long waiting and anticipation of pre-trip, my friend called, setting a meeting place where we could pick this wonderful magic up.

	At last, a baggy filled with 10 Sweetarts that set me back 150 big ones. Oh well, I was excited. Before I go into each trip/experience I always give myself a few minutes to reflect on what the upcoming event could hold in store for me, and try to induce mental clarity. At around 10:30pm I ingested the first piece of candy along with 4 other friends. Slightly metallic taste, hoping it was stronger than its taste had suggested. I still felt confident. 

	I noticed the first effects about 30-45 minutes in, nothing profound or too extreme, just mild color distortion and a slightly fuzzy head. Driving, looking for a place to burn some trees the acid was coming on nicely. Before departing from the car to partake in the sweet embrace of Mary Jane, we each take a second hit. It's about 12:00.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##

	On the walk down the dirt path to one of our favorite smoking spots Im struck dead in awe staring at the moon. Watching it as it slowly descends toward the mountains only to watch ascend once more. I pointed out the moon to my friends, and there we all are, stopped dead in our tracks staring. The moon had finally reached all the way to the mountains creating an epic lunar show, where the moonlight would reflect off the mountains in a series of bright patterns. We continued to stare in disbelief of this cosmic event until the moon had completely disappeared behind the mountains.

	We had eventually made it to the bench to smoke. After we did everything of less-than-bright quality had temporarily gone from my vision. Seeing only an array of streetlights and stars. We got back into the car (not sure the intent of this was, if any) We were driving, bumping music, late at night, on Lysergic Acid Diethylamide, in Utah nonetheless, yet there was this sense that nothing could go wrong, like I was protected from harm and any other terrible event that could befall on me, other than my own psyche I guess. While in the passenger seat of my friends car, I had let out a loud gasp of terror as I clutch my mouth in horror. And pointed at this terrible thing as it lay in the road. Landon (the driver) exclaimed ' You saw it to?!' 

	I couldn't speak, I was at a total loss for words. My friend had just seen the same morbid, disturbing image I had seen, without knowing that I had even seen it. All I did was nod my head. 

	'You saw that baby's head in the road to?' 

	It was like he'd ripped the words from my mouth. As we approached this decapitated infants head, it had turned back into what its true form had been, a brown lunch-bag twisted at the opening to create a spherical bottom with grease stains down the sides, looking like bloodied hair. Such an elaborate trick my mind had played on my vision, it was too real for such a awful image. What I took out of this, is that the immensity and realty of this substance can create structures in the worlds beyond infinity. Its power should not be taking lightly. It is a sacrament.

	To the park was our destination. Swings! What an idea! Back and forth I go with my face cocked towards the stars zoned out to Floyd(as with most of the night) with a grin bigger than the Cheshire cat. 

	At a different park (not sure why), my brother comes to buy a sack from my buddy. He comes over talks to me for a bit. Leaves, then I hear him calling back at me with a sort of excitement in his tone. He runs back over to show me some pictures of some newly budding plants he'd been working on. I must of got the excitement from his vibes. I immediately have this huge smile on my face as he explains his photos. I could feel the light from the phone on my skin, and it was as though the light being reflected on me was exuding from my every pore. With a body high of nothing I have ever felt. 

	We continued on up into the wilderness section of this park late at night. I remember the lure of a wheat field, I had to go spin in circles with my arms stretched out from my sides, brushing my fingertips against the many plants. My friends got a good chuckle out of this, but it just felt too right not to! 

	Reaching higher and higher in the park we settle near an old bench. Staring out at the skyline, just staring. And it happened. The line that separated the foliage from the sky and all the colors switched on me. It was almost as if things had gone into 'Negative' vision. 

	Still zoning to Floyd, I take a seat on the bench just beginning 'The Wall'. My eyes are closed with my forehead resting on the edge of the table. 'The Thin Ice' comes on the child crying gives me a little scare, and I pop open my eyes as result. Not 2 feet from my face underneath the bench, this hideous child with eyes wide as saucers is staring at me while simultaneously I hear it crying through my headphones. It was there as plain as day. My heart stopped. It was too real not to be.

	The night continues on at the same park, and in a wide field we all notice a giant pole sticking up from the ground. We all look in wonder, until one of us starts running over to it, with the rest following close behind. Turns out it was a telephone pole (Go figure!). I was barefoot during this whole ordeal (Hippy nature I suppose) as well as most of all last summer. I felt this soothing, soft, almost perfect scratch against my feet. I would pick up handfuls of this sand I was standing on, and just let it slowly drain from my hands. During this repetitive action the thought kept running through my head of there being as many planets in this existence as there are grains of sand on this Earth. Staggering realization when you feel like you can actually put somewhat of a tab on the possibility. 

	It had become early(5-6am) and the LSD was subsiding. Mostly now was the left-over self-reflection period where you're usually are making a lot of conclusions about life and trying to interpret what you had just seen. The bridge back to reality. 

	We had watched the Lunar light show of the moon dropping behind the mountains, and now here we were watching her counterpart, the sun, bring light and life to the world around us. I had seen the cosmic systems workings for a night. Absolutely stunning. Truly the work of design.

	We had made our way over to a Harmons(?). I had made the comment while looking at a bushel of roses, that it would be considered quite peculiar for me to go and start smelling all these different flowers. The thought invoked the action, and there I am at 7am smelling the flowers out in front of a grocery store.

	 It sounds really(10x) corny, but we all need to stop and smell the roses every once in while, and truly take in what has been given to us in this beautiful (mess of a) world.

We cannot grasp existence because we have no means to describe it.