T+0.00: DMT 

Age: 18
Weight: 128 lbs
Gender: Male

Prior substance use: Marijuana, Alcohol, Kratom, Nitrous, Shrooms, DMT, Hydrocodone, Salvia. I first did Salvia two days ago. I Had two drinks 24 hours ago, which put me in an uncomfortable area. Non breakthrough DMT dose taken 13 hours ago. Smoked Marijauana and did a little bit of Nitrous earlier this night. The marijuana is almost entirely worn off. 

I've been trying unsuccessfully to breakthrough for a while now. Over a month, I've gone through nearly 700 mg of DMT. I think I finally did it. As I neared the end of what I extracted I resolved to breakthrough. I'm not sure of the exact amount in the pipe, it was at least 60 mg. 

I put some ear plugs in and hit the Machine with a regular lighter. First hit was a small toke. I could still hear my heartbeat in my ears. Second was pretty damn big, I was afraid I might have even burned it. This one irritated my throat and I thought my night would be over. I was holding the second one and everything became incredibly intense, the most intense it has ever been. The beating in my ears was suddenly overpowered by the DMT buzz. I cleared the pipe, tried to hit it again but couldn't and looked around as everything morphed and the world appeared darker, and I felt pulled in. I closed my eyes and was soon encircled by creatures of color and energy. I was wondering if I had broken through. They sang, cried, danced, and every other thing around me. One lay down and simultaneously played a green harp which was a pipe. I watched these creatures for minutes on end as they continued to play near me. I was immersed in their life. I knew I had a body but was no longer in it, I knew I was swallowing but couldn't feel it. After a while I opened my eyes and my world was in front of me yet it was vibrating with mad intensity and nothing could be understood. I shut my eyes again and the creatures returned, yet they were fainter and farther away. After a few more minutes of observing them I bid them a mental farewell and opened my eyes a final time. The world moved while remaining still as I came down into the warm fuzzy afterglow. 

This was incredibly intense but less so than I was expecting (perhaps due to all the self created hype) and I had less interaction with the creatures I saw than I was anticipating. So the question is did I break through?

Here's my poem about it: 

As I am consumed by my world
They whisper welcomes, 
Denizens of a foreign land

Caroling and crying they surround me
I stand in awe of their beauty 
An outsider accepted, I join in

Slowly we slip apart 
My time to leave has come 
And I bid them a brief farewell