Back in the late 90s I dropped a couple of hits of orange colored blotter. I hadn't dropped any acid in a few weeks and was tripping hard but was loving every minute of it.  We, myself and a friend, decided to go up to his older brother's apartment. When we got there, their was 4 other people we would party with on occassion sitting around drinking and smoking weed. Everyone in the apartment was a few years older than us. I didn't really trust any of them, including my buddies older brother. 

We sat down and started drinking and smoking. They were also tripping hard. One of the people in the apartment passed a spliff my way and said 'look, you're shaking'. I remember looking down at my hands and not being able to tell if I was shaking. I looked at my hands, fully aware of the fact that I have poor vision, and all I saw was a blur. I couldn't tell whether I was shaking or not and whether or not it was just my crappy eyesight. I tried really hard but I couldn't tell. I then became absolutely convinced that he was screwing with me and trying to send me on a bad trip. Sure enough, I started thinking I have to get out of here. I have to leave. I don't know where I want to go, but I have to leave now. I tried telling my buddy that we have to leave. He was like, why do you want to leave? I was like, we have to leave now. I need to get out of this apartment. I don't know if I was telling him we have to leave in front of other people but I eventually convinced him to leave. 

When we left I told him that we had to leave because the people in the apartment were trying to screw with me. As per the normal acid-induced panic I had what felt like a million thoughts and questions flashing through my mind every second. I was feeling overwhelmed by the number of thoughts going through my mind. I felt like I was going crazy and that I was never going to be normal again. I couldn't tell whether my paranoia was justified. I also began trying to figure out whether I was shaking or not and was panicked by the fact that I couldn't figure out if I was actually shaking. After we left, we walked to my buddies house and sat in his basement bedroom. He turned the lights out, flicked on the lava lamp and turned on My Friends by the Red Hot Chilli Peppers. After 15 to 20 minutes of sitting in the dark watching the lava lamp, after having left the apartment about 40 minutes earlier, I began to chill the hell out. 

The moral of the story is the classic truism that set and setting matter. I didn't trust the people we were with. So, I was suspicious of them. When one of them started messing with me mentally it confirmed that I shouldn't trust them. This made me believe that I had to leave. When  I started thinking that I needed to leave the panic set in because I didn't know how I was going to convince my buddy to leave. The more I thought about leaving the more I convinced myself that I absolutely had to leave - that it was necessary for my mental health.