Finally felt compelled to write a report from taking Ecstasy.  This is the 2nd time I have ever taken it, and my drug experience is pretty limited to alcohol, marijuana, various pharms, nitrous.

I had taken E for the first time about a month prior to this experience, at a rave with a friend who also had never done it.  Experience was overwhelmingly awesome, positive, and clear.

On this occasion, we planned to do it for our 2nd time at a John Digweed show.  The pills were blue umbros.

10:50 AM: Took 1 pill about an hr before Digweed was set to go on.

11:50: AM Digweed was just about to come out, and I began to feel the familiar happy buzz of the pill kicking in.  Felt happy as can be for the next 10 minutes.

12:00 PM Digweed starts his set and it was as if someone flipped a switch on my body.  INSTANTLY rolling real real hard, it was incredible.  Lots of eye wiggles, everything felt very fluid like, and the deep bass from Digweed's masterful progressive house was enveloping me.  For the next 20 minutes, I was rolling so hard I had completely lost myself in the music and lights...not quite coherent as to what was going on during this time, other than it felt absolutely amazing and was wickedly intense.  (This differs from my prior experience on E where at no point was I not coherent and clear thinking.)

12:20 PM  I reached a point from this little 20min mini-trip where it got so strong, that I began to almost worry.  Keep in mind though, this was not a panicky, anxious worry at all.  Just more of like an oh my gosh...what is happening to me right now/this is way overwhelming.  I immediately looked at my friend (who the pill hadn't fully hit yet) and said, 'umm, I think I need to go outside'...so we worked our way outside, and immediately I felt better, back to a more manageable coherent rolling state.   I was so blown away at what had just happened for the last 20 minutes...it was incredible.

12:30 - 2:10 PM:  Wonderful, clear roll.  Had all the typical MDMA effects...just on the stronger side.  Danced the rest of the show away, completely into the beats.  A couple light shows during this time, which were amazing as always.  Show ended, both my friend and I were still in the middle of our roll though.

3:00 - 5:00 PM: Got back home, still very much so rolling.  Immediately put on my live DJ Tiesto DVD and blasted it, danced around some more, ate laffy taffy, drank Powerade.  Then we cuddled on the couch for the next 2 hrs, as the roll began to wear off.  Sat there cuddled up, in a completely content, amazingly comfortable state.  Everything felt right, everything felt perfect in our lives.  Nothing but smiles and hugs.  Could not stop listening to music, even though we were beginning to get sleepy.

6:00PM: Finally went to sleep.  Had no problem sleeping.  Sleep in till about 1pm the next day.

---Next day---

1:00 PM: Woke up feeling refreshed, happy, and content with life.  For the rest of the afternoon I just walked around the house smiling at how great the night before was.  Pretty much relaxed on the couch for the rest of the afternoon, listening to some good beats.

4:30 PM: Definitely back to normal, but god I feel happy.  Nothing in the world is bringing me any stress, all my thoughts are pleasant. :-D

Ecstasy/MDMA is an amazing drug, but even so, it is not something I want to do often.  It is too powerful and needs to be respected.  A few times a year will work out just fine :)