On an overcast Sunday afternoon I decided to take some shrooms. I have taken magic mushrooms four times before so I was familiar with their effects. I have also taken LSD twice, Salvia twice, and smaller doses of DMT around 5 or 6 times.  This was far from my first psychedelic experience, but it was easily the most intense.
	
The day before, I had traded some DMT for shrooms, the girl I traded with told me they were above average strength. She said you could trip about as hard off of 2.7 grams as a full eighth of average shrooms.  I had a quarter which I wanted to split up into three doses, which comes out to be about 2.3 grams a pop.
	
After a good night's sleep, the next morning I prepared for my trip, got music ready, cleaned room, finished up any homework there was to do. After I felt I was adequately prepared I took my shrooms and tore them up into tiny little pieces and put them into a coffee mug. I then covered them in fresh lemon juice and let them sit for about 15-20 min.

I had read online that mixing shrooms and lemon juice was a great way to potentiate a trip, the only thing I didn't know was how much it would potentiate it. One site said that just adding lemon juice could increase potency by up to 300%, which seemed unrealistic to me at the time.
	
I gulped down the lemon/shrooms mixture at about 1 PM, it tasted bad, but not as bad as I thought. I chased it with some ice tea and was ready to begin tripping. I talked with one of my roommates for the first 15 min waiting for them to kick in. I didn't notice anything so I went into the living room and played some Brawl for the Wii (by myself). After my first match I could already tell my motor skills were lessening, the TV's contrast seemed to increase and my thoughts began to stray. During the second match I noticed my thoughts straying even more, but at the same time I was drawn into the game. My opponent was trying to kill me; if I wanted to stay alive I had to fight for my life. I realized I was getting worse at this game, but there was no choice. I couldn't pause the game. who was I to play god and quit this match; my opponent had a right to battle. I managed to squeak out a victory, feeling bad for my CPU opponent I decided to not play anymore. I turned off the TV.
	
I walked back to my roommate's room that I was talking with earlier and proceeded to tell him I was definitely feeling it. I was a bit surprised because I didn't expect the shrooms to come on this strong as it hadn't even been 30 min since I took them. I decided to go upstairs to my room and listen to some music. I put on some Emancipator and I was soon lost to the confines of my room. 
	
From here to when I started to come down, things get kind of fuzzy. I'll choose to list my experiences not as they happened (I had lost the total concept of time), but as what I think is relevant. The moments I spent in my bed were the most intense. I spent most of those moments staring at my ceiling and walls in complete disbelief of what was currently happening. 

Hanging from my ceiling is a blue mosaic tapestry, it is hanging in such a way that my ceiling light shines through it quite nicely. The detail of this tapestry was never ending. I could pick any point and continually stare at it and more and more details would emerge. Where the hallucinations began and ended was a complete mystery to me. Next I looked towards a poster that was on my wall. It was a fantasy landscape with mountains, clouds, a river, and strange roman like columns shooting up into the air. The poster consumed my entire wall and became alive. The trees swaying in the wind, the river flowing, clouds floating across the pristine blue sky, my mind? What was wrong? I finally managed to pull my eyes back enough to see that this whole landscape I was staring at was actually contained in a large gothic style cathedral.  Was I under the blankets in my bed? On top? I didn't know. I looked at my walls, some of them had moved upwards of several feet closer to me, yet as soon as I would focus on them they would move back to their designated positions.

As I was seeing all of this, my mind was busy on other topics. Everything that was insignificant in my life was suddenly the most significant and vice versa. This strange sense of equality baffled me as I picked up a speck of dirt out of my rug and realized that this speck of dirt was equally as important as the lives of the entire enrollment at my university. My room, one of the safest places I could be, was now one of the most foreign. My mind one of the safest places there was, now the most foreign.. I saw my own voice inside my head, my sober self's voice trapped in a box. My current tripping self critiquing everything the voice in the box said. How could I be so blind? How have I never seen life like this before? Everything people question in life, the answers are so obvious. Everything you take as a fact is now open to interpretation or worse, doesn't even matter. I cried.. Not because of how oblivious the world was to the truth, but because of how oblivious I was to truth. I had acquired all this knowledge that regular people couldn't begin to comprehend, yet I knew I hadn't even scratched the surface of what the universe truly is.

This was one small moment of my trip (approximately 45-60 min) I had revelations very similar, yet completely different about three or four more times before I was done. At one point I remember thinking life was a giant fractal. One could infinitely gain more knowledge about any one aspect (point) of life, abstract or otherwise. How we as humans choose to only zoom in on certain aspects (points) of life, not realizing that there are an infinite number of them to zoom in upon.

I eventually made my way out of my room; while I was peaking walking was quite difficult. Me and another roommate went for a walk around the university campus, which was a pleasant change of pace, the sun was setting and street lights and lamps illuminated the distinctive college foliage. My mind relaxed as I was coming down, but I still couldn't shake what happened earlier. We got back from the walk around 7:00 to 7:30. I smoked a bowl, which helped me loosen up and eat some food. I went to bed knowing that this Sunday afternoon in my room, was like no other I have ever experienced. 

I definitely know I didn't have a bad trip, but it was certainly not the most pleasant one I have ever had either. It was just very intense. While I did have some regrets of eating those shrooms while I was tripping, I am still very glad that I did eat them, and I would eat them again in a heartbeat. This trip was a strong test of my sanity, and it looks like I passed.