Psychedelic Visuals

With many drugs, I am a 'lightweight' – when I ingest any drugs, I tend to consume a fraction of that which my male friends do. Cannabis is no exception – I will smoke a very small bowl (one that I would complete in half a breath) and that would be sufficient. The hazy feeling I experience when I smoke Cannabis averts me to smoking heavily in the presence of friends, as I tend to become socially paranoid. However, I did realize that this is a powerful drug – an especially psychedelic one, in spite of what some may claim – and it deserved to be treated with the same respect and analysis as other drugs I've experimented with, like LSD and mushrooms. So, with this in mind, I decided to have a high-dose Cannabis trip in a safe, comfortable environment: my home at about 8pm, with just myself and my boyfriend.

My boyfriend, S, rolled me a joint containing about half a gram. He had his own to smoke. We left my house to take a walk around the neighbourhood while we smoked them. At about halfway through the walk, things shifted from hazy to surreal. It felt strange to move my legs; as if my strides were exceedingly short. My surroundings seemed somehow foreign. Eventually, I decided I was too high to continue smoking my joint to myself and I shared the last bit of mine. Upon arrival back at my house, I noticed that my sight seemed to be clearer: when I leaned in to kiss my boyfriend, I saw a sort of 'sharpening of detail', as with MDMA. In addition to this, colours seemed brighter and his eyes seemed to grow larger.

We sat down for dinner at this point – I was very grateful that I had prepared our meal before smoking, because I didn't feel capable enough to do much of anything. Lots of eating – as you might expect, I was quite hungry – and much laughter and silliness, as can be expected with weed. After this, we cleaned up my kitchen and went up to bed.

My ceiling in my room is textured, not smooth, and this served as an origin point for my most intense visuals. Lights on, lying on my back, my ceiling blossomed into a wave of shifting patterns, which grew quite intense at times. I would compare this to a low dose of psilocybin mushrooms. I also saw small pinpoints of bright, neon-coloured lights within the patterns. Upon turning my gaze to my walls and artwork on them, the patterns spread to there too, with similar intensity. In fact, things seemed to actually move slightly. With effort, I found that I could concentrate and make my visuals dissipate for a few moments. After about an hour of this and idle discussion, we eventually decided to sleep.

My reason for posting this is because I feel the very psychedelic qualities of Cannabis are often ignored. Since it seems to be such a commonplace drug, rarely do people treat it as what it truly is: a powerful intoxicant and psychedelic and capable of creating very interesting experiences.