Let me begin with a little background. I'm not a regular drug user. I'll get high socially, on occasion, while I do enjoy it, marijuana is not my drug of choice, it doesn't really fit my personality.  I prefer stimulants that help me operate more efficiently and hallucinogens that give me insight and help me become a better, more rounded person. I enjoy kratom, caffeine, and unfortunately nicotine in its various forms, for a buzz, and I've tried salvia many, many times.

I had just returned from college for my winter break. I'd wanted to try mescaline cactus for a while now but I was admittedly too afraid to give it a shot, not entirely ready for a 12-hour experience. I finally mustered up the courage and will and I ordered 100 grams of san pedro cactus powder.

The night after I received the power, around 10pm, I blended 30 grams of it with water and forced it down, not entirely satisfied after an hour I decided to ingest another 20 grams.  I watched the first lord of the rings waiting for it to come into affect, which was a horrible idea, I soon found.  Faces, characters, and sounds on the screen became distorted and I became extremely involved in the film. I became increasingly agitated and tense but I was unwilling to turn the film off, I instead took a break and walked around my house. That was when the drug fully came into affect- around 2 1/2hours after ingestion.  Everything was spinning swerving and moving, and seemed to take on an unreal, dreamlike quality.  I walked up stairs to take a shower, I remember watching a sculpted frog in my bathroom that seemed to come to life, it moved its head to look at me and its body was writhing as if it was breathing. I remember at some point staring into the mirror, for what seemed like an eternity, to watch my features distort and twist and to watch the rainbow-like color that seemed to trail my body movements.

At some point I finished the movie then went into my room to lie down and try to sleep.  That is when the craziest part of my experience began. When I closed my eyes, I was assaulted by colors and patterns. A strange sound began in my ear, I don't entirely remember the specifics of it but it seemed like a distortion of my heartbeat. Objects in my room became likewise twisted and distorted and I soon began to feel a presence in my room.  I was terrified, I felt I would never come down, that I would be high forever, that even if I did come down, I'd never be the same, I began to regret, intensely, ever ingesting the drug. I have a religious history; I used to be a pretty strong Christian but I was in to way looking, or prepared for, what then transpired.  Objects in my room twisted in such a way to appear cross like, I thought that Jesus was in my room and I was assailed by everything in my life I was doing wrong, that I knew what was wrong, but that I never had the courage or confidence to admit to myself. This began an intense internal dialog. I was able to look at all the fear in my life, from this outside perspective, and pick it apart, it all seemed so trivial.  Strange thoughts started racing through my mind I delved in strange realities that I will never be able to recall. I began to believe that every plant species on the planet is an entity, not a god, but an entity with a personality and will, almost humanlike. I know this is a common with people who use hallucinogenic drugs, it seemed like a self evident reality.

I ended up staying up the entire night, I couldn't sleep.  When the drug finally wore off I wasn't tired and was able to go about my day as normal. I experienced an afterglow which lasted the next few days, I took things more lightly, became more purposed. 
I wish I could remember all that happened or be certain of what actually occurred.  I wont speculate further, but let it suffice to say that I've learned much from this experience and that I am entirely willing to try san pedro cactus again.