A Chemical Revival or the Quest for MDMA...

About a year ago I set out on the Quest to find some real MDMA. Being a kid of the generation-X I have a lot of experience with MDMA, also LSD, 2 c-b, Shrooms, speed, coke, opium, all dating back to the middle of the 90ties....and not to forget, I'm smoking weed daily for 15 years.

After 8 years of staying away from chemical drugs, I did all kinds of research to find a good MDMA substitute. With the help of known drug forums I got all kinds of knowledge about the 'recent' so called MDMA substitutes Methylone and 4 MMC. Also Pikhal by Alexander Shulgin was a big help in my research (A must read for everyone using these drugs!!!). I had a trial run with both chemicals and was never quite satisfied with the results. Methylone was kind of nice, but the peak was way too short and I experienced kidney pains after the experience. 4 MMC almost felt like a good roll, but knowing about the very dangerous side effects of this RC, I decided to stay away from it for good.

So after more than a year I finally got my hands on some crystalline MDMA powder. This is my report:

Well slept, had a good breakfast, no coffee today....

Weighted 100 mg of the MDMA on my milligram scale (another must for people indulging in these kinds of chemicals) and weighted another 60 mg as a booster for later if needed. (still remembering from the old days that a task like weighing out small amounts of chemicals later while rolling would be almost impossible or at least very cumbersome!)

T 0.00 ingested the 100 mg, wrapped in a rizla
T 0.30 my hands starts sweating like crazy, very nervous (but blame it on my overall excitement of taking MDMA after such a long time).
T 0.45 my buddy stops by, he knows what I'm up to, just checking in and having a beer (I had a small glass, too) having a joint with it, small amount of weed, mixed with tobacco.
T 0.50 having a hard time focusing on our talk, feel very confused, sweating even harder, not sure if I like this or not, but feels very much like coming up on MDMA for what I remember.
T 1.20 my buddy left, my favorite trance cd is playing and I start rolling pretty hard, +++ on the shulgin scale. Almost can't believe it but definitely know now, that this is the real deal. Have a big smile on my face, music sounds incredible, dancing feels even better, keep my eyes closed most of the time, it feels too hard to leave them open.
T 1.55 got into the experience really nice and got the hang of it now, I do feel amazing, can feel my body rushing, eyes wobbling

T 2.10 boil some water and have a chamomile tea, feels good, still rolling hard.
T 2.30 still rolling, but calmer, time for a booster, me thinks. Bomb 60 mg in a rizla, the paper opens in my mouth (of course!!) and I know I will be in for a fast boost.
T 3.00 rooooOOOOoolling rolling rolling, this is amazing, some jaw clenching so I have a chewing gum. Try to pee, it's almost impossible but with all my concentration I do finally manage.
T 4.00 playing some old techno tapes from my favorite club in the 90ties, and realizing once again, that techno without MDMA is just boring!! 
T 4.30 it feels as the peak is over, still feeling great, but not rolling so hard anymore. Thinking about redosing another time but manage not to, well, at least something learned after my experiences in the 90ties!
T 5.00 feeling goooooood, still thinking about redosing......but don't.

T 6.00 having a beer and a fat joint, feels great, the beer and the weed gives it another nice touch....
T 6.30 very relaxed and happy, trying to eat some bread, do not really like it but still manage half a slice. Eating some grapes, too, taste good.
T 7.00 put on DVD 'Spun', have a great time with that movie, and seeing all the speed freaks, I'm kind of happy I had myself under control with the redosing.
T 8.30 getting tired, having another joint....
T 9.00 asleep

Slept for 10 hours, woke up twice, no problem sleeping at all. Still feel a little tired today, maybe a little sad, too, but not bad at all. Eating is not really my thing today but still I try. Overall this experience was amazing, I felt awesome the whole time, very happy, very positive. I was on my own so I can't really comment on the 'I-love-you-all-feeling' that I remember. A wonderful drug, to be used in moderation and with lots of respect.

MDMA is definitely the real thing. I will stay away from RC's and plan a nice roll on MDMA once a year with my best friends in the future. This is what I wanted and I finally got it. 

Peace & stay safe