##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

First DMT experience

I am a fairly experienced drug user, I have been smoking marijuana regularly for 4 years now, and began experimenting with 'harder' drugs about a year before this experience. The majority of my drug experiences have been with LSD, Ecstasy, 2-CI, and cocaine all of which I abused frequently (multiple times a week).

This day started off like any other, I smoked pot starting in the morning and continued throughout the day. At about 11 PM, me and a friend, Matt, picked up a few Xanax bars, of which I snorted one. All mellowed out, Matt and I met up with our friend Alex, who took us to a local bar to meet up with some summer festival friends. Once there we discovered one of our festival friends had DMT, of which we purchased a half of a gram. In excitement we immediately headed back to Matt's house where we began our journey into the unknown.

Alex went first ripping about 30mg of the DMT, followed by matt who did the same amount. Neither of them lost connection to the world but both were seemingly euphoric and giddy, coming out of their trips satiated and wanting more. For my first trip of the night I did 30mg as well, This trip was very short but intensely enjoyable. I wouldn't say I ever went unconscious but I did sit in Matts beanbag giggling and feeling disconnected to the world around me with a certain euphoric hint.
 
After our first rounds we'd done, the three of us split another 100g into three hits and experienced our second 30mg DMT trips. For Matt and Alex this trip was a bit more intense, with Alex briefly losing all connection to reality and Matt having a 10 minute laughing fit (keep in mind matt snorted 4mg of xanax earlier). My second trip was more substantial than my first, with full hallucinations of intense indescribable geometric patterns and a sense of having an internal conversation with an external force. 

From here Alex, Matt and I took our remaining 300mg to our friend eric's house where he and his girlfriend, dana were. They each ingested 30mg, having very similar trips to our earlier ones, including intense geometrically oriented hallucinations and general feeling of happiness. Matt went next and did about 50mg, letting the rest of us share his remaining 30 off of which, he laughed for 15 minutes hysterically, and we all giggled and smiled. Alex then took 40mg, and briefly left reality. In his trip he mumbled a bit and made quite noises. He came out of the trip convinced he was an animal, growling and shouting 'We're all animals.'

Finally I was to go, and I decided to ingest 80mg sprinkled on top of marijuana, in a series of hits. I was able to get about 6 in before losing consciousness. The resulting trip was very confusing and has taken me a few days to really grasp.  The one thing I can say for sure is that there was a guide to my trip. It did not communicate me, but just lead me through my trip in a more physical sense. The most astonishing part of my trip was that I did not sense anything through my 5 'classical' senses. I did not see, hear, feel, taste or smell. I was able to think, but it was not an internal monologue, it wasn't even language, it was just emotions and intense feelings. My body (soul?) flew through time and space at a rate I could only equate to the speed of light. The idea to look around and perceive what was around me never dawned on me. In my trip I had forgotten what my senses were and was only overcome by the constantly flowing emotions I was experiencing. Coming out of their trip I was mostly just confused and astonished by what had happened. I would not say I learned anything in particular from this trip, but the experience of tripping at this intensity, was not only enjoyable but introduced me to a whole other part of my mind I was previously unaware of. If this normal spectrum of thinking is the top 180 degrees of a circle, than my spectrum of thinking on DMT, is the bottom 180. My mind on DMT had no observable similarities in the way it processed and analyzed information to my sober brain.

To compare it to alcohol, DMT is the vodka of hallucinogens, with shrooms being wine and acid being beer.