Ecstasy Is Amazing 

The first time I tried ecstasy was the most amazing night of my life. It was me my two best friends and one of there boyfriends. We decided at about ten o clock to have our friend pick up ten red orange and yellow triplestack scooby doo and spongebob ecstasy pills. The guy brought them to us at about 1 a.m. and we swallowed both of them. This was my first time ever doing ecstasy. For a while we just sat around and smoked cigs and listened to music as people came and went from the house. 

I didn't feel anything thirty minutes later. About an hour later someone casually rubbed my arm and it was like I came alive it was so amazing and everyone knew what just happened it was like it hit us all at once. I went inside got a glass of orange juice and started rolling around on the ground staring at the tv that was swirling colors. Some people that came over thought we were completely crazy as we begged them to turn off the blinding light. The light was killing our eyes. We just rolled around on the ground rubbing kissing and touching everyone. We weren't thinking oh this is my best friends boyfriend, it's called ecstasy for a reason people. For the next five hours all we did was roll around with each other drink orange juice rock back and forth and sing the music. Around six am everyone else started to come down but I was still rolling hard. I had two boys rubbing my hair and arms and legs and body and nothing had ever felt that amazing in my entire life. There was some visuals, everyone could see the pretty swirling colors fogging our vision and the beauty of everyone in the world. Everyone went to sleep around seven am and I rocked myself for an hour before I finally fell asleep around eight, I could still see the pretty fog. 

I got up at ten o clock, yes two hours later, to go to work lol. I rolled all day at work at the fish market then the next day I felt like I was on meth all day it was totally and completely worth the fifteen dollars a bean I paid!! :)