It was an autumn night and it had been misting all day.  I began my use of marijuana at the start of the previous summer and have probably only smoked 10 times before.

This night I walked with a 'friend' over to an elementary school playground.  We were a bit paranoid already, as there were people standing outside across the street and we were at a public playground.  We used a small metal pipe.  I took about 5 hits and then paused for a few moments.  I quickly acquired the delayed reaction feeling and loosened up.  I tried talking to my company, but I quickly lost interest in what he was saying and day-dreamed on my own about the strangeness of the lighting that night.

We smoked some more before deciding to get up and walk to a fast-food restaurant.  This was a particularly large dose compared to my usual intake, so I stumbled a bit when I got up and had some trouble trying to appear sober.  It was a cold night, but the high made me feel warm and comfortable.  I was very worried to enter the building and order.  We stood inside for a long amount of time.  My friend had trouble ordering in a timely matter, which strangely angered me.  I thought that he should have concealed his high more properly, so I became quiet the rest of the night.

After I ordered a soda, I began to relax some.  I drank some of the sugary soda, but it wasn't very appealing to me as it had almost a burning sensation as it went down my throat.  (Note:  I rarely get the 'munchies' or eat when I'm under the influence)  
We left the restaurant and walked back through the school ground.  This is when I had a very strange experience.  We passed a couple on the playground.  I quickly recognized the two. One was a girl that I attended school with, and the other appeared to be a boy that recently committed suicide. I didn't recall this event until the day later;  upon pondering this strange occurrence, I realized it must have been an illusion.  I was very frightened for a moment and I remember letting out a nervous laugh.  I quickly forgot about the two and began paying attention to the rhythm of my walking.  We arrived back at my friend's house and watched television for about an hour and a half.

This was one of my strangest experiences of being under the influence of marijuana.  I would not consider it unpleasant, except for the oddity that occurred on the playground and the uneasiness I felt being with my 'friend.'