The Best Trip Ever

For quick reference, I am currently on Vicodin and Soma for backpain, and do not smoke cannabis. I had done a lot of LSD and smoked weed back in high school, and recently started experimenting with LSA (Hawaiian Baby Woodrose Seeds) and Fly-Agaric mushrooms I had ordered on-line. Although those experiences were, to say the least, disappointing, they were however quite intriguing. I took mushrooms once before in 1991, but only had a mild experience. 

About two weeks ago a young friend of mine contacted me and said he had some really good mushrooms. I was inclined to purchase them at a good price, and bought an ounce. My girlfriend (aka J) was pretty skeptical, considering a friend of ours had bought them and was not impressed. I have two experiences I will share here about my trips.

When I got them home, I cleared my mind and took about 2 grams orally. Just threw them in my mouth and chewed them up, and swallowed. The time was 6 p.m. Within 40 minutes I began to feel the effects and became a little restless, but accepting of my circumstances. I wrote myself a note and kept it in my pocket, which read 'You are fine. You are under the influence of psychedelics.' As the build up continued, J, who smokes pot, kept a vigilant eye on me. The coming up was intense; I became very horny and excitable. J took me to bed where we fooled around for about 45 minutes. I was so enthralled by the darkness and the visions that I was unable to complete the task, but mentally I was in a very good place. My body accepted the trip and I became very self aware. For the next two hours I was rolling along, up and down in a very mellow and introspective trip. I laughed at Bucky, the deer head I had hanging over the TV. 'Bucky, you dumb son of a bitch, you should never have walked into my yard! HAHAHAH!' But yet something inside me said that was wrong, that it was a living thing and it was beautiful. I soon took a Soma to come down a little and I thought that it worked. The truth is that I only convinced myself that it did. I was tired and went to bed at 11:00 feeling somewhat sober but the trip stayed in my peripheral as I laid in bed trying to sleep. The dreams that night were very amazing. My 'peak' to me only lasted about 3-4 hours, and was very mellow, just as I was told they would be.

Fast forward to three days later, I weighed out another 2 grams of shrooms for J and 3 and a half grams for me. I wanted to go farther this time, and J was a little on the conservative side. We both ingested our shrooms orally, but this time I held them in my mouth for about 15 minutes. I noticed the onset come very quickly this time. I was balls out tripping within 30 minutes, while J was not as lucky. I was in the right frame of mind, J wasn't, and she ended up going and laying on the bed for about two hours (I can only imagine how hard she was tripping). 

As for me, I was in the most craziest place I'd ever been. Nothing made sense, the walls were tight all around me, the christmas lights were like berries on the wall and Bucky and I were friends. Whenever I got off the couch for a beer or a cigarette, the atmosphere of the room was like walking through butter. I felt so at ease and yet confused. I was laughing nefariously; every goddamned thing was funny or confusing. I would lay on the couch and my mind would take me back to being a teenager, or to my parents house, or sometimes somewhere I'd never been, it was all so entertaining, and sometimes just unexplainable. While the first trip on these were very introspective, this trip was very much about the world around me. The ceiling and the wall were fighting each other, the towel on the table was melting onto the floor, and everything was shiny and mysterious. When I peaked (and I did, for 6 full hours) the cat was hovering around me, and sitting on my chest when I'd lay down, I asked it why it purred and it said (I shit you not) that it purred because the world told it to. THE WORLD TOLD IT TO!!! Oh my GOD! I was so astounded by that I couldn't even wrap my head around anything else for hours. HOURS! 

By now J was up and tripping hard, for the rest of the night we just sat there saying over and over, 'Its amazing, I just cant explain it.' The world was beautiful, random and, sometimes scary, but overall a positive and enlightening experience meant to be enjoyed. With all the problems I've had lately, the mushrooms made it all ok, and gave me a new outlook on the shitty condition of the world. It's just crazy and unexplainable, dont try to make sense of it, just go with it and enjoy what you can. Most of it is almost laughable. J and I will be doing them again very soon.