A few days ago I had the opportunity to smoke out with some friends.  This was my first time with pot, but I had previously experimented with Nutmeg (no results),Morning Glory, and Kava Kava (yes, this stuff does work). 

At about 11:00 We left our home from a block party. The driver had a brother who lived near by, and we took two cars to his house. Then we all shifted into one car, drove around and looked for a quiet place to hotbox (for those who don't know, that is when you smoke out in a sealed compartment, like a car, or a room with all the doors and windows sealed up). 

At this point I was slightly uneasy, because, although I was not opposed to smoking out, I didn't like the idea of doing this in a semi-public place where by mere chance a cop might happen upon us and render us busted. It was when one of the friends produced a bong from a black cardboard box that I really began to get nervous.  I started thinking things like, 'whoa, I have to take hits from a bong! I have no Idea how to use it! What if I start coughing!'.  So going into it I was fairly nervous.  

Driver got out some weed and proceeded to take a hit.  The bong was then passed around, and when It got to me I was instructed to breath slowly and deeply when he lit the weed.  The first hit didn't go too well, because I didn't breath fast enough, and the pot didn't light.  The second hit I got some smoke.  The bong was passed around a few more times, and by the end of the third hit I was feeling very uneasy.  I wanted to move back to the proposed house as soon as possible, but they all wanted one more hit.  I couldn't feel anything then, but I'm pretty sure I was high at this point.  When they opened the windows I felt a bit different, and when we got to the house a few minutes later, I tripped when I tried to step out of the car. I managed to catch the window as I fell, and the driver remarked that it was a pretty good save for a stoned guy.  I'm not sure I was really that high.  

But got really paranoid, because  I was so nervous that my heart started beating really fast (or at least, I think it did, and I should mention that I had a heart murmur when I was younger).  I started to think that If I didn't calm down my heart would beat so fast that it would explode.  Every few seconds I would feel my heart to make sure that It was still beating.  I started to feel strange sensations coming from my heart, which made me even more nervous. I remembered that pressure in the chest was one of the first signs of a heart attack, and this made me more nervous. 

I wasn't having a very good time, so I told my friends what was on my mind.  They all assured me, as I knew, that this was psychosomatic, that I would be just fine, and since I wasn't on any other medication that I would not die simply from smoking a little pot.  I couldn't help it though. I knew full well that it was all in my head, but it didn't help me to calm down any. I think now, that the sensations coming from my chest were part of the experience.

To try and take my mind of things, they put on a dvd.  We watched the movie, and having something else to concentrate on was helpful. By the time it was overm, I'd peaked, come down, and was feeling much better.  We drove home, and on the advice of my friend I hid my clothes in a good spot sealed inside a plastic grochery bag. 

In conclusion, I would try this again, but it was a major dissapointment to have such a crappy first time. If I do it again, I want to try somehting less overt, like brownies, or cookies. I know it's a more expensive way to prepare it, and I would need a whole day to get the stuff ready, but it would avoid the smell.