Of the Greatest Experiences of My Life...

My whole life I have been increasingly fascinated by drugs, more so lately psychedelics. I knew for my 18th birthday, I wanted to trip. Acid seemed like the perfect thing to me. I've had some expirience with drugs before this including: mass amounts of weed, hyrdocodone, oxycodone, dabbled in cocaine.

It was a friday night and I had three friends along with me on this excursion. We had to pick it up from a friend of a friends work and he put the liquid on sweet tarts candy. We waited a while to take it due to anxiety. I wanted to take it all together when we all felt comfortable. Once we all took it, I immediatley felt jittery and excited. After about a hour and a half we still were not feeling any different. Maybe a slight body high, but it could've been a placebo effect. We called the person we bought it from and he was concerned because that night several people took the same batch and were tripping just fine. But he agreed to give us another dose. We went back to one of my friends (who were also tripping) and set up her room with all different lights and some amazing dubstep to set the mood (kind of like a sanctuary of only colorful lights and music). 

When we went back to get our 2nd dose, we were to bring one back for a friend. The acid was placed on a tortilla chip. And we took a really long time to bring it back, we were in a frenzy of weed and hookah smoking. We were calling the person the chip was for for a few hours and he never called us back. (probably due to our extensive absence.) and since it was my birthday, my friends let me take the third hit.

****ACTUAL EXPERIENCE
This acid turned out to be somewhat mild.
It started off when we all went outside, layed in the middle of the street and looked up at the moon, stars, and clouds.. Everything just seemed so much more meaningful. Everything had a purpose and everything was beautiful. We went inside probably about an hour later and we all became very talkative. 

I preceeded to use the bathroom, the persons house I was in had clouds painted on the bathroom walls and they were moving, and the walls were breathing. I looked over at her magazines and on one of them Eva Longoria was on the front in a red bikini. She looked extremely menacing and her eyes were red. But for some reason I wasnt afraid.

I looked in the mirror, and for the first time in my whole life, I SAW MYSELF...every line on my face, every pore. But when I looked at myself and saw my gestures in the mirror I felt very disconnected to it (my body). When I blinked, or breathed, or moved it felt irrelevant. I realized right then, I have a spirit, and I have a soul. And our bodies are temporary and meaningless. 

After I left I went into our light sanctuary. I layed on the floor and found this crystal ball with lights in it and set it on top of my head and gazed into it. I saw every shape and pattern as individuals. Short after, my friends joined me and we were all arguing about whos turn it was to look inside the ball. 

We all got up and went into the kitchen and were talknig. Everything was SOOOO FUNNY!!! My friends mom had a chicken defrosting in the sink and we all thought it would be a good idea to take out aggression and beat up the chicken (dont ask me). 

We live like 2 minutes from the beach and decided to go watch the sunrise even though there was a good two hours before the sun was to come up and its the middle of January...needless to say it was cold. We sat on the edge of the pier and gazed out at the water. It looked like the earth was being swallowed over and over again because water doesn't look like water at night. Once the sun was about to come up we moved over to the rocks facing the east. We looked out towards the sea and I knew that there is more than just earth. The universe is limitless and profound. I knew right then (and I've been struggling with this concept immensely prior to this event) that there was no doubt in my mind a god. I dont know yet if its the traditional 'Christianity' god, but I know I have a creator.

After tripping for a good 13 hours we preceded to smoke some weed to fall into a sleepy state. It was perfect to mellow out before sleeping.

All in all it was in the top 2 best experiences I've ever had. Maybe even number one. Because for the first time in my life I felt 100% safe, tranquil, and content. And for the first time I saw the world and myself for who they really are. 

** I didnt exactly hallucinate except for the walls and Eva Longoria