At this point, I had been experimenting with psychedelics for about 7 years. I have had many glowing and scary experiences with shrooms, LSD and even pot. I considered myself to be somewhat of a modern 'shaman'. But nothing would prepare me for DMT!

I already had a couple light, and yet still incredible, DMT trips with some friends. However, this one night I decided to try it by myself, in my bedroom. I put on Lord Of The Rings, as I have always enjoyed watching visually stunning cinema while tripping, and sat down on my bed with my back against the wall. I loaded my bowl with approximately 50mgs or so, and took a deep, deep toke.

Almost immediately, that familiar buzzing sensation formed within my head, and I closed my eyes as usual. However, I decided I was going to keep them open for this one, so I quickly did so.

I could feel a presence to my left side and I could sense it was pointing to the TV. I looked over to the TV, and the sky and clouds started moving towards the foreground, engulfing the snowy mountains, and slowly swallowing the characters. Soon the entire screen was filled with the background.

I then looked up to the ceiling, as I always do, to watch the popcorn swirling around. To my amazement, the ceiling had become a vast network of swirling designs. Almost reminiscent of lattice work, stacked on top of each other. There was layer after layer of these designs, stretching on into infinity. It almost felt like a gateway to the heavens.

I then felt like the presence was directing me to the top right corner of the room. I glanced up to see a dark shadow casting within the glow of the TV. It did not feel like a negative energy, as most would associate a dark shadowy figure with, but I could sense that it was watching me and analyzing my every thought.

I could feel myself starting to come down, so I glanced back to the TV one last time, to see Frodo and Gandolfs heads popping back into the foreground, as the sky slowly made its way back to where it belonged.

I can write forever about all of my experiences on DMT, and I may write a couple more. However, I needed to share this one first, as it was the most intense visual experience of my life. It really showed me how this world we occupy, can quite possibly just be a grand illusion.