I hope that anyone that is going to experience with DMT does as much research as possible.I thought in the beginning that people's accounts were exaggerated, but every single bit of it is true. I am talking about from a light DMT buzz, to a intense DMT hyperspace, and even the possibility of being transported to another realm of existence that is beyond hyperspace and all of your most wildest dreams put together. 

When I started doing DMT, at first, it was a beautiful substance that gave me a great feeling and great visuals. During my first trips, I never really broke through hyperspace, but just the light DMT buzz was similar to a peak of an LSD trip. Though, it only lasted a short while. It wasn't in till about my fourth or fifth experience with DMT where I got to something like hyperspace, where everything was just spiraling out of control and I had the feeling I was in some sort of different dimension. I thought it was the most amazing thing in the world, and I kept going there, getting the most out of my DMT extraction.

However, something was fairly odd as I progressed through new and different trips with DMT. Something was happening. The trips were progressively getting stronger, and more unique, different. It wasn't but about a few days ago when I had my first trip that was different than all of the others, when I could actually see my friend morph into a reptilian. The smoke of the DMT would start to just go through me, like clean air, like it was nothing. I could start to feel a presence of something above me, like something was trying to talk to me or connect to me. I wasn't going to hyperspace anymore when I smoked DMT, I was talking to supernatural or extraterrestrial life forms. It wasn't in till my last trip, which I am so about to tell you all about, when I knew that DMT was more than just a drug, more than just a chemical. 

The last thoughts on my confused little mind I would like to share with you before I explain my horrific DMT trip is that I may be developing a small mental case of schizophrenia from smoking the DMT. Schizophrenia, or I am actually starting to see reality in a complete different perspective and starting to truly believe that DMT is connected with aliens an different dimensions. I don't know what is going on honestly, I really do not, but I think, in case the aliens do come and take me away forever, I should share my very hard to believe true story of my experiences with DMT. 

I have done LSD many times, been in the k-hole a few times, ventured to different worlds with various types of powerful psychedelics. I have enjoyed most of my experiences with these substances, though of course had my fair share of bad experiences. However, throughout all of my trips I have never seen or felt anything like DMT has done or shown me. Things have never seemed so real before. I really believe that DMT is more than just a psychedelic substance, but a key to communicating with super intelligent life forms. 

After the reptilian trip, I was so amazed, so amazed on how crazy DMT actually was. That was around my 9th or 10th time using the drug, and it was by far the most intense. It wasn't until the night after when I did DMT again, and this time I was alone. I was in my room, trying to fall asleep, but I couldn't, I couldn't stop thinking about how strange of a trip I had experienced a few days before. I played on the internet, watched some TV, tried to get the DMT off of my mind, but I couldn't. It was like it was calling me, wanting me to smoke it again, I don't know how to explain it. It was around 3:00 in the morning whenever I grabbed my bag and took out the DMT and loaded a good bit into my oil burner, probably around 40 or 50 mg of DMT. I went into my bathroom, which was quite small, but enough room for decent mobility, even though I probably wasn't going to need much of that, and set up chair for me to sit in while I smoked the DMT. 

I was expecting a decent hyperspace, instead I got an alien abduction.

I probably got about three really good hits, but as soon as I set the pipe down, I was transported. Things didn't just kind of change, kind of look different, no, I was transported. I wasn't in really a hyperspace, where colors were moving everywhere and forming objects, no, it was nothing like this. I was in a some sort of spaceship compartment, a room in a spaceship. It was so real, it had to of been real. There was an electronic automatic futuristic sliding space door to the left on me, like you see on spaceships in the space movies. The walls were white, really white, like the inside of a spaceship, and there was a small circle window where I could see space and the stars outside. I, was in a spaceship, traveling through space and time. I couldn't really move, I was so shocked, so afraid, it was so intense. I could hear a bunch of aliens or something above me, talking to each other in some alien language, it was like they were observing me. It was so real, you have no idea how afraid I was, yet fascinated. I was traveling through space with these aliens, for much longer than 10 minutes, I can promise you that. This was no regular DMT 5 minute hyperspace trip, this was real. It had to of been almost 15 or 20 minutes before I could actually start to move. The aliens were gone by now, I think, but the area around me was still a spaceship compartment, and it hadn't changed a bit. I then looked down at myself, my legs and arms, they were twisting and turning, like my bones were changing into a monkey. My hair on my arms was getting thicker, and I was being transformed by the aliens! I stood up and looked away from myself, grabbed my head and closed my eyes, I could not believe this was actually happening. Finally, after about 30 minutes, I was back in my bathroom, back to my world, however the trip was not over. The aliens may have brought me back to my room, but I was still tripping hard. Everything was swirling into each other, and when I looked at myself in the mirror, my head was floating in the air and leaving my body at place. My entire stomach looked like a big swirl, and I didn't know what to think. The entire trip had to have lasted for at least an hour and a half, it was so very strange. I had a huge mind expansion after the alien encounters, when I was walking around in my room, like LSD times a million. I thought I knew all the answers to the world, and that the aliens had taught me so much, I had actually had alien contact! It was the craziest thing that had ever happened to me in my entire life.

I finally was able to lay down, it wasn't till about 6:00 in the morning when I went to sleep. I woke up today, with so much on my mind. Are aliens trying to communicate with me through DMT? Aliens are real? I was in a different dimension? So many thoughts going through my mind, I don't know what to think. Throughout the entire day everything just seemed weird, I would hear noises above me or behind me and look over to see nothing. I don't know if I am going crazy or what, but I do know that DMT is more than a drug, there is a mystical meaning to it. 

Tonight, I may go for it again, attempt to communicate with these aliens again, I must. I might not make it back, but it's okay, because either way there is so much to learn. From insanity to super enhanced intelligence, bless you all.