I am an experienced user in the field of psychedelics for only being a junior in high school. I'm writing about my most intense DMT experience, which was my 1st time trying it. Before then I had always wanted to try it because I wanted to experience the 'dreaming while awake' feeling. 

##EROWID_NOTE:NOT_WEIGHED##

Me and my 3 friends Connor, Mike, and Miranda all went to a local river to smoke the DMT. Which turned out to be a great spot for it. Connor packed a hefty bowl for me and told me to take a huge hit. I sucked in as much as I could and held the smoke in for what seemed to be forever. Then I quickly blew out the smoke and proceeded to take another hit. about halfway through the 2nd hit everything got really bright. [Author estimates between 50 - 100 mg was ingested] So bright I couldn't see anything. This phase is known as the 'tunnel' or some believe it to be a portal to another dimension. This is where the DMT trip begins.

When the bright light subsided I was in a completely different world. It was now pouring down rain. I was watching the river in amazement because the water was vibrating. Like there was an earthquake, but only in the river. Every tree in the forest was waving towards me as if they wanted me to join them in their excitement. I looked at the dirt and grass next to the river and the grass was growing taller right before my eyes. There was also a blue pipe-cleaner looking thing growing around every possible phyiscal thing (including me). I looked over at my friend Connor and realized that i didn't recognize him at all. I was then contemplating the true meaning of life and if our universe was really existant, or if it was just all my imagination. I was completely out of my own body. It seemed as if my eyes had dropped down into my stomach and my point of view was from something that was only 2 inches tall. This trip lasted for what seemed to be about a half an hour to 45 minutes.

When I was finally done tripping and back in my original body, Miranda had said to me 'You've been dreaming about this your whole life.' This makes sense to me now sense I have been wanting to try it, but at the time I started flipping the F out. I responded with a 'WHAT?' then I quickly realized what she mean then followed up with a 'Why would you say that?' My friend Connor (The only other person who had tripped on DMT with me) was also freaked out by what Miranda said to me. Which is evidence of the fragile state of mind this amazing gift from god puts one in. Also, It turned out that it was never pouring down rain. It was almost 80 degrees Farenheit outside and the sun was shining bright and my trip only lasted 10 MINUTES. 

After this was all said and done, It left me feeling refreshed, somewhat like after a nice restful nap.