First Time with Boomers 

Background:
I have only had a very small amount of experience with drugs.  In fact, the first time I smoked pot was at 18. Before that time I was very scared of it due to the horrible negative publicity that is put out on it.  I smoked pot for about 3 years fairly heavily, I have done CCC once, and I drink quite a bit of beer. When I started smoking pot a lot of my friends also ate boomers. This is something that bI had ZERO interest in. I was scared of tripping because I had no idea what it was like and thought that I might possibly have a bad trip. 

I first became interested in shrooms about 8-9 months ago after hearing someone talk about them. The trip sounded very intriguing. So for the last eight month I have been doing a great amount of research on taking shrooms, what to expect, and how much to take. 

So about a week and a half ago I finally decided to take the plunge and eat some magic mushrooms (which are definitely magic).  It took me quite a while to find a 1/8th of this amazing plant, but then finally I got what I was looking for, a 1/8th of shrooms. The only problem was they were wet, which just meant that I had to take 10 times as much. Since this was the case I was actually a 35g bag of wet. Which is essentially 3.5g of dry. 

After purchasing the shrooms I went straight home to eat some.  Since this was my first time ever tripping, and my wife and child were home I decided to take a very small dose. I read that the threshold dose for psilocybin cubensis was .25 gram, and in the book "Psilocybin Mushroom Handbook" I read that for a low level dose you should convert your weight to kg and multiply that number by .0125, doing this would give you the proper amount based up weight to achieve a low level trip. For instance:  . With this being my first time I decided to start really low and weighed out 3.00g of wet mushrooms I did this amount because you have to take ten times the amount of wet shrooms as you do dry ones.

T+0:00 
I weigh out my first dose of 3.00g, and ate them. Surprisingly they really did not taste as bad as I had read. Also during the come up period I never felt any nausea.  This, however, was most likely due to me taking such a small dose of psilocybin.  After about 30 min or so I began to feel slight bit of euphoria, giddiness, and was more relaxed. I was still very clear minded.  So I worked on a post-lab write up for chemistry. 

I did notice very slight visual changes only if I stared hard at something. There was a folded up map on the table next to me and when I looked at the pages the seemed to be moving in a wave like fashion. I am not sure if this was just a placebo effect or not. After all I did only take the equivalent of .3g dry mushrooms. I was like this for about an hour before I decided that I wanted to up the ante a little bit. 

T+1:09
I weighed out another 2.0g of wet shrooms (.2g dry equivalent) and ate them. At this point I have now had a total of 5.0g wet mushrooms. Again, after about another 30 min I began to trip a little more. This time there was definitely slight movement in patterns and colors seemed more vivid. I also relaxed even more.  At this point I was just in a very comfortable state of mind with some very very mild visuals.  The thing I felt the most was just relaxation and enjoyment. However, after about two hours I still wasn't where I wanted to be.

T+1:58 
I decide to go ahead and take the recommended dose for a light trip that I read about in the "Psilocybin Mushroom Handbook". That dose was .82g. I ended up weighing about 8.4g of wet out and took them. At this point I have eaten a total of approximately 14g of wet mushies. However, I am sure that at this point a good bit of what I had already taken had worn off. About 20 minute later I could tell that something was happening, but I couldn't really tell what. Ten to 20 minutes later I have definitely hit a plateau. I am extremely relaxed and having some mild visual, but I am still just a clear minded as ever and had zero loss in motor skills. My wife definitely was not able to tell that I was tripping, and neither would anyone else. 

There was a chair right next to me with a paisley pattern. When I looked at the chair it had the appearance that it was "breathing". I could see the chair getting slightly larger and then smaller just like it was taking breaths. Also, when I looked at the paisley pattern I saw definite movement inside the pattern, and the colors were beautiful. I noticed colors that I hadn't really paid attention to before.  Another thing, when I looked at the pattern I could see depth in it.  In other words the 2d pattern became 3dimensional. It also looked like the pattern was made of two different layers with the top layer making a small circular motion.  I actually stared at this chair and the patterns for quite a while.

After looking at the chair I decided to hop onto Facebook.  I was looking at pictures of friends and couldn't keep myself from laughing. For some reason this pictures were hilarious. When I looked at them again sober I couldn't see anything funny about them.

At this point it was about 1:00 am and I decided I would go lay in bed with my wife and watch the new Alice in Wonderland movie. When I got in bed I noticed that my comforter was also breathing the same as the chair was earlier.  I touched the comforter and it felt much softer than it had ever felt. Well anyway, we put on Alice and the film seemed like it was it 3d, which of course it wasn't. Every seen in this movie was amazing while watching it. I felt as if maybe the movie was trying to tell me something. Overall what I watched while tripping was pretty trippy. When the movie was about half over I decided that it was time to sleep.

So I rolled over and closed my eyes. When I did this I saw some rather cool closed eye visual.  I was seeing what looked almost like a 3d space that went on for eternity.  Also, I was seeing a few tracers. Overall, it was all very cool.

Summary:
I am glad that I tried these shrooms and plan to trip again here in the very near future. I think that that next time I am going to take a full gram so I can have just a slightly more visual trip. I am pleased that I started out with such a low dosage and worked my way up because this took away the anxiety of what the trip was going to be like.  0.8g I think would be a very nice amount for me to take if I was in a very public environment. Tripping appears to be something that will take me on a journey where I end up appreciating the beauty and complexity of things that we take for granted.
