My First Time With MDMA 

I remember my first taste of ecstasy.

The week started like any other. No plans. No excitement. Then my friend told me she had gone to the club and tried a tab. My heart stopped. I had been curious about this whole 'rolling' experience for a while. I knew now that I had to try and see what its all about.

My friend pulled through and got me a Molly. I had no idea what this meant. But I had heard it was the best you could get. Saturday finally came. And me and my friend, a few of her friends, and my boyfriend all headed to the club. I put the pill in a little plastic baggy in my bra. Me and my friend planned to half it once we got in the club. I remember both of us thinking that halving it would do anything thing to us.

Once we got in the club, she took the pill and snorted half. She gave it back to me, and I popped it in my mouth. Me and my boyfriend decided to go smoke a cigarette. I thought it would take a while for it to set in, but as soon as I got outside my whole body became warm and relaxed. The lights outside seemed to bright and after we had smoked I decided I wanted to go back inside the club. Standing up, my body was light and my movement was so natural.

Back inside the club, the music filled my ears and my eyes looked over the waves of people. Holding my boyfriends hand seemed amazing to me. He led me through the crowd, and all I wanted to do was feel and grab his body with my hands. Every touch. Every feeling became love. The sounds. The people. All love. His body was ecstasy. Grabbing and feeling, rubbing his arms. I soaked in every touch.

Then a song I knew well came on. My body felt the music. It went from my feet, up my legs, sending a feeling of desire and lust to my hands and whole body. I had to dance, I was now apart of this music. I could feel it inside me, and it moved me, and I moved with it.

After dancing, and losing my head in the music, I had to find my friend. I searched for her in the crowd, and when I found her, our eyes met. She smiled, I smiled and all I could do was hug her and be as close to her as I could get. Feel her. Touch her. She was beautiful. I felt her skin as we danced together. Ran my fingers down her arms and through her hair. She did the same to me, and all I could feel was love. She was love. The music was love. People I have never seen before were love. Everyone was beautiful. Everyone was my friend. I had to feel them. I had to be near them. We were all one. We moved together. We were all apart of each other.

Every time I would feel my boyfriend, all I wanted to do was make passionate love to him. I wanted to be a part of him, and be closer to him then I have ever been. I felt his body with my fingers and my lips. It was incredible, and I didnt want to stop.

I didnt want to stop dancing. We were all in unity. We were all a family sealed in this wave of love and ecstasy. I wanted to be a part of everyone, and them a part of me. I wanted to look into everyones eyes. I wanted to feel their skin.

I have never before in my life felt so much love. Heard so many beautiful sounds. And seen so many beautiful people.

It truly was Pure Ecstasy.