I have a decent amount of experience with psychedelics. I've tried DMT a few times before and thought I had broken through, until this morning.

I woke up today after a full day of LSD tripping just yesterday with my best friend. Was considering trying the DMT that prior night, but decided against it because I was too tired by the end of the acid trip to be jumping into DMT.

##EROWID_NOTE:NOT_WEIGHED##

Skip to this morning.. I wake up feeling pretty amazing. Figured I was ready to try this beautiful yellowish/gold DMT powder. Was really excited and nervous to try it. I decided to load a good amount of the powder into my pipe with a thin bed of weed below and on top. I eyeballed the dose, but I'd estimate it was 50mg.

I got on a comfortable couch and sat there holding the pipe. Was trying to center myself before just going into this. I had a feeling it would be very strong this time because I loaded much more than I believe to have done years ago. 'very strong' doesn't begin to describe the intensity of what I was about to go through.

With my best friend sitting on the carpet next to me, I took a few last deep breaths, and inhaled all of the herb/dmt in one really large hit (iron lungs). I held the smoke in for 10secs according to my friend. Within 4 seconds of fully inhaling, I looked at my friend and he instantly turned into a painting with intensely vivid colors and patterns around his face with sharp edges that were expanding. He looked very pastel like, with drips coming off him. It was incredible. But, when I realized how intense that visual was, I felt I was in for something greater than I was ready for.

I quickly laid myself out on the couch after looking for my friend for just a few seconds. I had a blanket that I planned to use because it was a bit cold on this morning, but I was unable to even try putting it over myself. I basically dropped onto the couch.

Just some random info.. Lighting in the room was very dim. I had my eyes closed the rest of the journey.

I immediately lost sense of self, of my body, and where I was. It felt like I was stuck for an eternity. I started to have thoughts in my head racing faster than ever such as 'Look what you've done this time'. It was the scariest feeling I had ever felt in my entire life. It really felt as if I would never get back here. I felt trapped.

After what seemed like forever, but was probably just a couple minutes. I broke through all the fear, and I started seeing a short pudgy alien. He started to bounce around very quickly doing backflips. While he did these backflips, he would turn into a machine/object or something halfway through the backflip rotations every time. He would get very close to me and try to show me things with his hands. I could not understand what he was trying to say or show me, but he was trying very hard to hold my attention and teach me all he could while I was there. The rest of the way through the trip this alien guided me. One thing I definitely remember him showing me was a pyramid sphinx.

There were also many other entities and faces that I saw who all were smiling at me. They were all very happy. I started getting intense feelings of euphoria and love. I was seeing such magnificent colors and patterns. I never knew what pure love meant, until this moment. I was so happy that I was crying. I'd never felt such a sensation. The sound of birds chirping outside was so amazing to hear.

At this point, I started to notice that reality was coming back around me. First words I was able to speak were 'Oh my god, it's beautiful'. When I realized I was coming back into my body, I started to feel very intense vibrations going through my entire body. Felt like muscle spasms all over. They weren't bothersome though.

It's left me in absolute awe. I have never had such an intense experience. I didn't know anything could even be that intense. It was literally both the most frightening and beautiful thing I have experienced in my life. I came out of the trip with tears on my face while telling my friend what I just went through and how beautiful it was out there.