I was sitting in my friend's living room when I took my first hit of DMT. As I inhaled I could already feel my heart pounding faster and faster. Within 15 seconds of inhalation, the effects began to grab hold. At first, the change seemed somewhat similar to salvia, due to a heavy feeling in my entire body except for my head. I found it a bit intense and almost uncomfortable at first, but managed to remind myself that I needed to just go with this feeling rather than fight it. As soon as I gave into the trip my worries and stresses disappeared as if a tight grip on my shoulders and been released.

I slumped backwards into the couch and began to stare at the blank wall in front of me with a soft light shining directly at it. At this point the only thing I could focus on was the wall which showed me what seemed to be an almost 3-dimensional movie depicting the "big bang". This "big bang" started with a small drop that materialized and looked as if it was falling away from me and I had been looking at it with a bird's eye view. When this drop hit, suddenly the wall exploded with color and movement. I watched what I interpreted as evolution and not just on a scale of humanity, but of something much more intricate that we cannot understand fully. It was the most insightfully feeling moment in my life and I wished I could have stayed for much longer. 

Three minutes after peaking I was able to load and take another small rip from the scrap left over in the container. After the second inhalation, I was no longer seeing evolution before my eyes, but instead odd alien seeming faces. At first I was frightened by the faces, but then there seemed to be an odd sense of security. I slowly began to peak again (although not as intense as the first rip) and began seeing intricate geometric patterns of pink which were covered in what looked like eyes. After a few moments the main intensity of the drug wore off and I tried to simply remember everything I had just seen. I feel as if there is no real way to describe the amazing experience I had today. It has opened my mind in a completely different light.

[Author estimate using a total of 20-30 mg in the entirety of this experience]