I see many reports of people mixing multiple drugs, snorting it, doing IM injections, or IV injections. I think the last would be very dangerous and potentially unpleasant since this drug is not meant to be taken in one big hit.

A bit of background (this helps understand the context, if you don't care to read it you can skip ahead)

I have had treatment resistant depression that did not repond to dozens of medications and sessions of electroconvulsive therapy(which is generally seen as the 'end of the line' for treating depression). This occured over a period of 7 years. 

Only after all this had failed was a given an opportunity to try Ketamine legally. Now this was done with oral/or a nasal spray dose, which is not meant for the purpose of tripping or getting high. It certainly helped depression more than any other medications and still works to a degree, but it is wasn't a cure for me.)

Because of the limited success of the medication in that form. I volunteered to enter a 3 day trial in which 2 doctors and 1 nurse were present. Rather than mainlining it into my veins, they setup in IV drip big which contained a solution which used the water/ketamine solution over a period of 1 hour.

Now because of this, I had absolutely no 'weird' side effects or feelings of anxiety, paranoia, thoughts that I was going to die etc. It wasn't just some random friend checking up on me once in a while, but a doctor and nurse. After about 5 minutes, there was a gradually felt cool feeling come over my body kind of like an internal breeze. Normally, the depression caused me to feel like Earth had twice as much gravity and was being pulled down into the ground(without any drug). This did the opposite.

Having gone through such immense amounts of pain for so long, I have become desensitized to it. It felt like there had been a full refrigerator ontop of my body and head, but this not only pulled  them off, but started healing all the tremendous pain caused by it. I would compare it to being dead and in the grave and being pulled out and resurrected, it was that powerful. 

If your familiar with the movie Terminator 2, you probably remember that frightening character T-1000. How it could liquify it's body and transform it into various shapes. This is the closest thing I can describe that state to (except that it lacked the whole 'being a psychotic machine bent on bringing a nuclear apocalypse onto the human race' aspect'). This liquid state happened about halfway through  After that my body just felt it merged with whatever you might define as heaven...ascending up into the clouds/stars and having no more pain etc. Now I don't believe in the mainstream religious definitions of heaven, or any cosmic new age nonsense.  It was just my brain undergoing serious chemical effects....  

However, when you compare it to those definitions, singing forever, having sex with 72 virgins while drinking wine, those versions of the afterlife sound terrifyingly boring compared to this experience. I'm not an experienced drug review person, or psychonaut, so forgive my lack of descriptiveness if you can!