I've never heard of DMT tolerance on any kind of scale. I'm 99% sure that I'm a new exception to this. I got a gram of DMT, pretty pure, and have been working on it the past couple days.

##EROWID_NOTE:NOT_WEIGHED##

First dose: approx 25-30mg, eyeballed. Got that great body buzz, higher definition vision, and some visuals.

Second: approx double. Strong visuals with nystagmus, strong euphoria, body feels energized and good.

Sleep

Second day, First dose: approx 50mg. Most intense at same dosage.

Second dose: approx 100mg. Most profound hallucinations/other worldly experience. Also, Extremely Euphoric, more so than an equal dose of MDMA. This wasn't expected, as I was fairly detached.

etc.

Third day, I started to notice a slight curve for how much I had to smoke to get the same effect, but nothing extreme. By the end of the day, I can't get a breakthrough because of the amount of smoke that has to be inhaled; too harsh.

Forth day, I could get a breakthrough if I pushed for it, but it was too uncomfortable to repeat much.

Here's where it gets crazy. The end of the Fourth day, after a good 2 hour break from any DMT, I smoked a bowl of bud and didn't get as high as I though I should. So, I decided to smoke some more DMT...

30-40mg, nothing. I got the feeling like it was going to set in, but a minute later, nope. Another 30mg dropped into it; this time it was like a small shroom trip, maybe 1.5g's worth. I waited 15 minutes doing other stuff and put in another 50mg+ and again, nothing. Immediately dropped another 50mg and then quit because my mouth, throat, and lungs burned like hell.

So, there it is. I will accept that it may not be DMT, but another alkaloid, though I trust the person who made it. It certainly felt like DMT I've had before. I have about 100mgs left and I'm gonna wait 7-10 days and see difference in case of rapid material decay. I only tried it twice the first night, but thereafter I went on it pretty heavy. I tend to get a roll from psychedelics and I indulge in euphoria this way on most drugs.

Storage conditions: in bag corner, put in empty cig box, kept in cool dry places; never in pocket.