A friend and I decided to go for a hike on the morning of Easter Sunday. He had just extracted about 2g of DMT, and I had never smoked it before. The weather had called for rain that day, but it was actually beautiful outside, and when I asked him to pack the DMT he was 'already on top of it'. 

We spent the hike talking about our paths in life, something in retrospect which is perfect for preparing to ingest DMT (at least in my opinion). This friend and I often discuss deeper topics, which makes sense considering we 1) are not stupid 2) stick to the mind-altering drugs which in my opinion make people more susceptible to deep, intelligent speak. But I could talk about why hallucinogens make you smarter for hours... 

We veered off the trail to find a place secluded where no intruders would bother us. It had just rained for days so everywhere was soggy with mud and wet leaves. We sat anyways, setting our backbacks down so that they could be used as pillows. My friend took out a lidded bowl with a yellow powder inside. I wanted to go first, he had done it before. 

He had just bought a new piece especially for the DMT, it was a swirly thin glass pipe with a screened bowl. Definitely a crack-pipe, but it serves the purpose perfectly. I smoked a bowl which was in retrospect smaller than the second. I laid back and waited to exhale. Breathing on DMT is extremely difficult, it feels like I'm not breathing, or perhaps I'm panting. I couldn't really tell, but my friend said the same happens to him. At this point I felt as if my body was an aqueous Rubik's cube, I was being twisted in every direction. This was pleasant, as was the images of red tunnels expanding and contraction. More lava. I opened my eyes and my friend asked what I saw. When I told him he said I didn't do enough. I had been conscious of him next to me the whole time. It was his turn, I spent a few minutes meditating and when my friend opened his eyes he instantly said 'What are humans made of?'

We had another conversation about a lot of things, our future, our friendship, etc. before I smoked it again. I really appreciate my friend giving me the opportunity to try DMT. I smoked a larger bowl this time, and didn't burn any of the DMT like I had last time. I  took several large hits and set the pipe and lighter down on top of the bowl of DMT. I laid back onto my pillow and this time I was absolutely swept away.

My second trip was insanity. I was extremely upset, I don't remember the visuals I was getting but I remembered feeling extremely uncomfortable, as if I was being touched ever so lightly by death. But then three figures emerged, they were reminiscent of Egyptian statues or something similar, but were obviously much brighter and in motion. There was a father, a mother, and a child. The significance of this was not something I realized until I spent a few days pondering my experience. The child presented me an offering, an urn from which I was intended to drink. That is when I opened my eyes. 

The day after my trip I was depressed by the disturbing first half of the experience the second time. But then something clicked. I had done DMT on Easter Sunday, and was introduced to the child of the holy DMT family, at least that's what they were to me. Something tells me that I need to accept Jesus Christ into my life after that. I consider myself borderline atheist, I just really can't find anything to believe in fully and this has been a struggle for me. I always say that Jesus isn't real, that I don't believe in him; however after this trip I feel that I may have gotten a sign from him, that I may have had a vision of Christ himself. Or maybe I'm just trippin' ;).