Before the experience: I had researched a lot of psychedelics, haven't tried any since a few ~700mg DXM experiences when I was about 15 years old (young and dumb). I read Rick Strassman's book 'DMT: The Spirit Molecule' (excellent book!), I read many many trip reports online, watched many lectures on the subject, read many articles, watched a lot of Terence McKenna's material. I was eager to try DMT.

I've been smoking cannabis in different patterns over the last 5 years. The only 'wake and bake' period I had lasted one summer. I enjoy the plant and I like smoking it alone. I drink. I smoke cigarettes.

I extracted my DMT from Mimosa Hostilis Root Bark. I did a Straight To Base technique with sodium carbonate wash and recrystallization.

I've been into meditation for a few months. A weird chain of synchronicity lead me down a spiral of information that has changed my view on the universe. I used to be your stereotypical rationalist, reductionist, atheist pseudo-scientific type - within a month or two of epiphanies and the aforementioned chain of synchronicity I had a much more spiritual spin on reality. I also have great interest in channeled information - Bashar, Bringers Of The Dawn, etc, although I am still trying to figure out what it's nature is and what it's worth.


The Experience:

I meditated for about half an hour before the experience to get my mind ready ( tightly packed tobacco -> DMT -> ash. It was about 50mg.

I took my first hit, held it. I noticed the sound resonance as I was blowing out the first hit. I took a second hit, it wasn't as thorough as is should have been. Laid down on my bed. Again, had visions and my heart and breath were racing. The visions were very weird, at one point I felt as if I was through a corridor. I tried to control my breath and at some point I managed to do it and calmed down a little. From an endless matrix of symbols poured blue-red hieroglyphs which formed a sort of circle, they were moving within the circle, making weird patterns. I had the strange feeling I had been here before. This place was somehow very familiar. It felt like home.

Again, I had visions of some weird creatures. Some of them I found disturbing and I opened my eyes.

It was less intense than my first trip, but I wasn't so scared as well. 

As it faded away I felt very very refreshed and happy.

Ever since, I feel somehow lighter. More in place.

The experience lasts about 10 minutes, never bothered with specific timing.

Haven't tripped since.


I'm waiting for my next batch of Mimosa, hoping to meet the machine elves or whatever-you-want-to-call-them next time.