OK, the reason I decided to write this post is to give the most detailed report I can about my first time dropping acid. Keep in mind though that while all the things I'm describing are INCREDIBLE, it doesn't really do this amazing substance justice. I can't even put 1% of what it really does to me into words.

First off, I'm the crazy one out of my friends when it comes to drugs. I'm always the one still ripping bong hits while the rest are flagged. I lick the bag clean when I eat shrooms. Anyway, everyone is telling me to only do one tab my first time. Fuck that I said (;p). I got two blotter tabs of acid from a dude who was known to sell STRONG ass acid. So one night I decided I had a good mind-set and enough time to trip. I was by myself. I sat on my couch, turned on 'The Universe' (I love outer space:)) and put the tabs under my tongue.

11:00- I start feeling lightheaded and a little funny so I put my headphones in and put on The Beatles (amazing idea btw).

11:30- Definitely feel something, sort of like when shrooms are kicking in. The second hand on the clock was starting to wave around and move back and forth. The walls were getting wavy and starting to 'breath'. I noticed a metallic taste in my mouth, sort of 'electric' almost.

12:00- This is where things got interesting. In a split second, the acid just overtook my mind, kind of like a wave crashing down on the shore. I closed my eyes and saw my first acid CEV. It was 3d red and yellow squares moving in opposite directions. Suddenly they parted and a smiling sun came out from between them. Its expression comforted me and its sun rays washed a warm and comforting light over me. I fell back on the couch and looked at the ceiling. It turned 3D and started morphing into kaleidoscopic patterns. I was amazed! It felt like I had a car battery hooked up to my spine and felt waves of electricity pulsing through my whole body. I still had the acid in my mouth so I swallowed it and started laughing like a maniac. I got up and ran into the bathroom to look in the mirror. Now, if I had never tripped before, this probably would have freaked me out. But it was awesome! I looked like an alien, my pupils were HUGE, and my face kept morphing and changing shape. I stared in the mirror for a while.

12:30- All of the sudden, I wanted a cigarette. So I went outside and, holy shit, it was in-fucking-credible! I had complete night-vision and saw everything. The starlight all blended together to form a neon blue and yellow sky filled with patterns, flowers, smiley faces, and peace signs. They were all flowing around in the sky like there was a current. The moon was covered in geometric shapes and suddenly exploded into a flower with a super peace sign in the middle. A yellow brick road opened up in the sky and beckoned me to continue on my journey. I lit my smoke up and called my friend 'D' up since he had tried it for the first time recently as well. He was totally baked at some party and I ended up talking to like 10 people I didn't know. I was trying to explain what I was experiencing but with little effect. I could barely talk!

3:00- I stayed outside running around in the grass for over 2 hours. I went back inside and was still tripping BALLS. Crosses, peace signs, smiley faces, flowers, and shapes where showering out of the walls. The walls themselves where distorted and morphing like they were melting or made out of water. Time was so fucked up at this point that I didn't know if a minute passed or a whole day. I just sat on the couch and tried to play Modern Warfare 2 with little success. 

4:00- I decided to go into my room. I made it upstairs and went into my room. My bed, which is blue with patterns, looked like the ocean. Waves were moving through it like the shore at the beach. I continued to see crazy patterns coming out of the walls, sometimes even flying past my head. I just put on some Beatles, laid back, and watched the CEVs flowing around in my head for the next few hours.

The next day was very bizarre (on top of that I didn't fall asleep) as I had to go to my stepbrother's kid's birthday party. I was still wigging out and seeing shit. I still tasted metal in my mouth and was twitching a lot.

I went on to do LSD a bunch more times. It was amazing and I've never had a bad trip on it. If I'm in the right mind-set and prepare for my journey, Lucy will take my hand and fly away with me into her sky that's filled with peace, love, and diamonds.