My friend and I had some marijuana (super high quality California red kush medical grade from someone with an RX) left over in half a huge blunt. We decided to make firecrackers out of them and scrambled to find tinfoil. We ground up the weed, which was very dried out and old (we thought it wouldn't work). We mixed it in fatty almond butter and made sandwhiches out of little potato crisps and baked it in the oven at 350 degrees for 22 minutes. They tasted and smelled extremely weedy.

When they were done I ate one, and so did she. She is much smaller and lighter than me. I was not expecting to get very high off these, so I ate two more, the classic oral ingestion mistake!!!!

We got in the car and drove to a friend's house. As soon as I got out of the car, literally 20 minutes after ingestion, I was beginning to feel it in waves. My friend didn't feel it for another 45 minutes. At first it was a normal high, dizzy and with good sensations. But then I began to not be able to follow the conversation or a train of thought longer than about five seconds.

Then the very strong wave came with intense hallucinations. my friend's back was turned and suddenly she BECAME another person we both knew, a casual aquaintence. I started laughing and screaming: you've turned into Jane Smith! You've turned into Jane Smith! People's faces were melting and changing and looking like many other people I knew.

We walked to get Chinese food. As we walked at night, every time I saw a fence or house or tree I would suddenly remember a similar scene from earlier in my life and would be convinced we were back in that time and place. It was severe time distortion and hallucinations of time itself --- never felt that before on marijuana. I revisited my entire life, it was very weird. It was never a bad trip but it was extremely psychedelic. I don't remember eating the food and a few other things from that night.

The guy we were hanging out with started being sexual with us in a playful way, but we both got scared and thought he would rape us. He was being playfully aggressive and it was scary. He stopped when we asked.

The next day I felt fine.

But over the next few weeks, I began to 'see' shapes in the dark in my bedroom and to become afraid of them, shadows and stuff. It was like being a kid again, afraid of the dark. I felt like the connections my brain made on that massive trip were still being triggered weeks later by shapes and certain visual cues, and I kind of wondered if marijuana had triggered a minor psychotic episode.

I know that is very rare. And it never happened to me at lower doses. but this insanely tripping balls trip did something to my consciousness and I don't think it will ever go back . .  or maybe it will. It's been 6 weeks and the effects I've mentioned are still there. Overall I would caution people taking it orally to really be cautious.