Once I heard about the availability of Mescaline through the San Pedro cactus I knew I had to try it. I have only ever done Marijuana, and a light trip on LSD. I was nervous, but excited for my first experience of Mescaline. 

My friend, we'll call him S, told me about the San Pedro cactus and how easy it was to obtain. This was S's first psychedelic drug. We ordered 24 inches of the cactus online for us to share and got it within 3 days. We were eager to try it. We both decided we would trip at his house outside around his fire pit during the nighttime. After waiting a week for a clear night to trip on, we prepared it into a tea by cutting it up, boiling it, and squeezing out the liquid from a rag. Then we spilt the tea into two Nalgene bottles.

We waited until his parents went to sleep and started drinking the tea around 11pm around his fire pit. It took us until 12:15 to finally get most of the liquid down. Both of us chased it with some orange juice, but man did it taste bitter. I did not feel nauseous the least bit, but my friend S threw up multiple times. 

It was almost 1:30am and we realized we did not feel a thing. S suggested that we must have gone wrong somewhere in the preparing stage and we began to write it off. We were cursing ourselves that we should just done an acid base extraction. We both went inside and turned on the TV. After watching Sons of Guns for an hour I was noticing some small effects, but I ignored them and considered them as placebo. I'm not exactly sure, but I believe that I started to fall asleep. I was in a weird state were I thought that I had a two personalities and I began to see many CEVs. I went outside and sat by the fire and noticed that the Mescaline had finally taken affect. S came out and I told them that I was indeed tripping. S again threw up for the second time and told me that he began to feel slight effects. I did not see many OEVs besides the patterns in the chair melting and rotating, and also S's face morphing into different shapes. I began to feel very happy and I saw the most amazing shooting star, which put the widest smile on my face. S and I walked around his property for the rest of the night observing the stars and the trees. Both of us eventually feel asleep around 6am.

S and I agreed that we most likely had a relatively light experience. I learned a few things from this trip. One is that I should be more patient next time I use this sacred plant. Next time I use the San Pedro cactus I will probably up the dose and perform an acid base extraction.