My First Mushroom Trip

I had never done a mushrooms before, I only smoked weed on a daily basis for three and a half years. Mushrooms never really interested me until I was a freshman. Just the thought of being able to see things that weren't there and feel things that weren't happening made me want to try them really bad.

I knew that summer was mushroom season because it rains in Florida almost everyday. So one Wednesday me, my sister, and her boyfriend went to a field and found enough mushrooms for five people to trip. After we picked the mushrooms we drove to my parents hotel room. They wanted me to try shrooms with them for my first time so I wouldn't be with anyone I didn't trust. When we first got there we went and picked up some lemon juice to lemon extract the mushrooms so it would intensify the trip. After we finished making our mushroom concoction at around 10pm we each drank a cup. 

I was excited to trip, I wasn't nervous at all. About thirty minutes later I starting feeling tingly and happy and things started to look brighter than usual. A few minutes after I noticed that happy feeling I stepped outside on the balcony to look at the car lights that were driving past the hotel. They started trailing. I knew that I was tripping so I looked up at the clouds. They looked like they were breathing and then they started morphing into dragons. I watched the clouds for a little while and then went back inside. I went to the bathroom to pee and when I was on the toilet the shower curtain started breathing. I finished peeing and went to wash my hands. The bowl of mushrooms and lemon juice was still sitting on the counter. When I looked into the bowl of mushrooms they started changing colors and bubbling. I was washing my hands and then I looked in the mirror. My hair had turned gray and my face started bulging. 

That's when the peak of my trip hit me. When I walked out of the bathroom I went into a bad trip. My sister and parents' heads started morphing into ant people. And the people on tv were morphing into zombies. I got really scared and confused. Everything felt really different and weird but a good kinda different. I grabbed a pillow and went into a corner of the room and layed down. I started freaking out and just got really confused about who I was, and who everyone else was. As I layed down in the corner I just watched my parents, who were now ant people, walk around the room. When I was freaking out my parents tryed to get me to smoke some weed, but every time they tryed to hand me my pipe I just kept saying, 'What's weed?'. I realized that I was just tripping and got up and went to my computer. The computer was really hard to work but I evetually figured it out. I played some dubstep as loud as I could. I could feel the music and it felt amazing. Over the bed there was a picture of a beach. The picture was mostly orange and the stuff inside the picture started moving. After that I layed in the bed watching the people on tv morph for the rest of my trip. 

After I couldn't sleep, I was wide awake for the rest of the morning. I had tripped for five hours. It was the most amazing drug I have ever done, and I plan on doing shrooms a lot more during the summer.