Lemme start this report by saying I'm an 18 year old male. I had been experimenting with multiple substances (Diphenhydramine, DXM, cannabis, adhd meds such as adderall, and many many opiates, almost all). However, nothing ever compared to the first substance I ever took: MDMA.

I had been taking MDMA for almost 2 years, when this 'trip' occurred. However, I had taken a small break from rolling for about 2 and 1/2 months.

8:00pm sharp -- ingested a nice clean pill (green dolphin). The pill had been tested by Simon's and Marquis testing kits, and turned the proper colors for both. 

~ 8:45pm -- My come up was a bit more nauseous than my usual come ups, and I felt like throwing up, however I kept it in. I had suspicions that I had taken a 'pipe' and thought I was in for a bad time. 

~9:00pm -- I am fully up, and no longer feeling as nauseous. However, I feel as though something was wrong. I was rolling, pretty hard, actually. But something was wrong. I decided to wait it out a whole another hour.

~10:00 pm -- Nothing really changed much. More eye wiggles. Jaw clenching. Nothing out of the ordinary for MDMA. However, I still felt as though there was just something 'missing.' Very difficult to explain. No rolls previous to this one had been so... 'weird.' I was pretty intoxicated, so no doubt the MDMA had kicked in, and there was in no way a dosage issue. Music felt good, and I felt a bit energetic.

~11:30pm -- I felt the comedown, a little bit. It was a gradual comedown, most unlike my previous experiences. I felt stimulated and there was no fatigue like I usually felt. I decided to finally just lay down and relax and talk to friends for a bit. I passed multiple hours just waiting for myself to come down completely.

~4:00pm -- I am no longer stimulated nor feeling the effects.. I feel tired. But still having difficulty going to sleep. I had come to the realization that MDMA had lost it's magic. 

It's been a few days since the experience and I'm still trying to cope with the fact that the magic is gone for me. I flushed down the rest of my pills and the two capsules of molly. I didn't have a proper hangover, but I did have a slight headache the next day, much like my usual hangovers. It feels odd that most of my friends still have the magic and still maybe rolling, but I guess it's time for me to move onto better things besides experimentation. I am sort of glad this realization came at this time, and I feel bittersweet about it all. Eh. Anyway, just wanted to let people know that for some of us, MDMA does lose it's 'magic.' Something I, myself, did not believe.
