Some basic background info:  I was 16 years old at this time, and I mostly hung out with the stoner crowd at school (although I had actually only smoked weed very occasionally, not ever feeling a very intense high from it).  I was a supporter of Marijuana, and was looking forward to getting legitimately high for my first time.  I went into this experience with a totally open mind, and a readiness to learn as much as I could from the herb.  I had not previously done any drugs before this (although now I don't even refer to cannabis as a drug).

It all started at about 7:00 p.m.  I had gone over to G's house to play some video games with my friends and possibly get a little drunk and party afterward.  When I showed up, most of my stoner friends were there.  I will refer to them as R, CO, CA, and G for privacy's sake.   Although I had never gotten really high off weed before, it was actually me who recommended we go get some.  It was about 7:30 and G started talking about weed.  I said 'Hey, you guys wanna get high?'  and of course they all responded positively.

I was the only one with money, and I agreed to pay for the weed, since I was sick of smoking and not feeling much. I was determined to get fully baked that night. We all called our 'guys' and only one responded.  He agreed to sell us about 4 grams, which could be added to G's stash which would make enough to go around for the five of us.  The process of actually getting the weed was a pretty epic adventure, but that is a different story.  The purpose of this report is to actually record my experience on cannabis.

At about 10:00 p.m. We arrived back at G's house.  By this time a lot more people had showed up at the 'video game party' and some where getting drunk.  We agreed that we wouldn't tell anyone else that weed had weed because if a bunch more kid wanted to get high there wouldn't be enough herb to go around.  We all snuck out to the shed behind the house.

The shed was set up to be very trippy (blacklights, grateful dead posters etc.).  We packed the first bowl, and passed it around.  I smoked my round and didn't feel anything.  We then started to pack another bowl, when one of my friends asked if I had ever hit a gravity bong.  I hadn't so they made one for me and let me hit it.  I put my mouth to it and took a MASSIVE rip.  I held the smoke in for about 13 seconds and suddenly felt very calm, content and relaxed.  I said, 'I think I'm good man', looking around the room curiously.  Little did I know there was alot more to come...

As we passed the second bowl around,  I suddenly felt this completely strange feeling building up. It became more and more intense until suddenly, I slipped into a dream.  Everything was slow motion and I felt like I was watching a slide-show video clip as my perception.  At first I was confused, thinking things such as: 'Is this real? Am I dreaming?'  My reality was gone.  It seemed frightening at first, but then I remembered  how people always say that you have to go with a psychoactive experience, and you can't fight it.  At this time one of my friends told me to 'Relax, man.  Just enjoy the high.'  I calmed down right away.  

I was in awe of the amazing feeling in my body.  I felt so euphoric.  I wanted to be like this forever.  One of the first things I noticed was how beautiful the music playing from my iPod sounded.  Each note and tone of the gutiar solo from Pink Floyd's 'Time' send a tingling euphoric feeling through my brain and body.  I could literally, physically FEEL the music.  After another bowl, I was only climbing higher.  We were hotboxing in the shed to that is probably another reason why I got so baked.

We started to make our way back to the house.  My time perception was so messed up, but I'm guessing it was around 11:00 p.m. At this time.  I looked up at the night sky and was so amazed at how beautiful it looked.  I was almost mad at myself for never stopping to appreciate nature's beauty/  When we got near the house, me and C found a little light up garden decoration bird.  It changed colors from blue, to green, to red.  We were so fascinated by it that we stared at it for about ten minutes.

We spent about two hours chilling inside the house and by the bonfire.  I remember how comfortable the chair I was sitting in felt.  I felt as if I was becoming a part of it and sinking in.  I also remember there was this one kid at the party who always fucks with drunk people.  He gave me a cup of starburst candies and told me it was vodka, so I tried to drink it.  I was actually really happy when I found out it was starburst.  I ate the whole cup with lightning speed.  

At about 1:00 a.m. Some drama started.  Some annoying freshmen had stolen some of G's alcohol and wouldn't admit to it.  Everyone started yelling at each other and getting pissed.  I remember wondering why I should bother choosing sides in an argument that doesn't affect me.  I started telling everyone we needed to come together and have peace on earth, but most of the drunk kids didn't listen, so I walked out into a field to look at the stars for awhile.

While I was out there, I reflected on my life, and how I had come to see the world in a whole new way.  I felt like all my biterness and sadness was gone, and a fog had been wiped from the window of my life.  Everything made so much sense.  Me and my friends (followed by one of the annoying drunk freshmen this time) returned to the shed and smoke two more bowls.  I don't remember much after this except for that I whipped out a sweet rap freestyle, and we fell asleep watching Jay and Silent Bob.  I had some of the coolest dreams ever that night.

All in all, this night was one of the most pivotol moments in my life.  That was a year ago, and ever since then I have been a very frequent stoner.  I have never been happier in my life, and have lost all my insecurity and anxiety because of marijuana.  That first time smoking weed literally changed my life and I will remember it forever.

P.S. I smoked a very high dose my first time.  