I've been smoking cannabis for the past few years now. I started when I was 15. I've had different kinds of trips but this one was what I guess a 'Trip' is supposed to be. 

A friend hooked us up with Malana Cream which is grown in Malana, India. It's one of the best quality hash you can get in the world. No kidding. We rolled them and we smoked. It was after the 4th Joint (Shared by 3 people), I was certain that I'm getting fucked.

The Experience

Constant white flashes. Then white circles around the corner of my eye. Sound sensitive, that usually happens. I couldn't eat, it just didn't want to go down.

I had only slept for 3 hours the previous night which is obviously a big mistake.  I had trouble keeping my eyes open and I was a bit scared because one of my friends who is quite a sober person ate a few pieces of cake filled with 72 grams of weed and he was hospitalized after he fainted, haha. I obviously didn't want to faint and be hospitalized which kept me at bay. So I went home and lied down on the bed. 

Then I felt this sensation around my chest, I can't say it was a burning sensation. I don't know but in my mind it felt like something bright inside my chest. Then I felt like I floating above my body. Separated from my body. At that very point, it felt great. I never knew I could hallucinate like this on hashish. Though I have never done Heroin, Acid etc. I do remember telling myself during the trip 'Fuck I'm floating, really!' I was back and running after 30 mins then, though I felt pretty lazy through out the day.

There is actually one more thing which isn't really big but but its been 2 weeks since then and I have yellow light flashes out of nowhere. It has happened to me 4-5 times this week. Sometimes I feel like the earth is shaking or a feeling of losing balance I guess but I'm pretty much still. 

Today I did think about these yellow flashes and the earth shaking thing and its kinda weird. I thought about all those people who have spiritual experiences through drugs. I'm a non believer though. But it was well worth the trip.