I have about three years of experience using K from moderately to heavily at times. At the time, I was under the impression that there were few if any negative side effects. Even now, I'm not sure if depression was the reason I liked K so much, or if I became depressed due to using K. Anyhow - the only time that I clearly had a 'bad experience' (aside from the first time I K-holed and vowed 'never to use this drug ever again', as I'm sure most have), involved some selective memory loss. To make it a bit more of a read, and to provide some context, I'll summarise the events of the evening. Would be curious as to whether others have had a similar experience.

I was waiting for a friend near a favourite bar, and happened to run into our drug dealer, to whom I'd seen around a few times, but never been formally introduced, as my friend made the transactions. He invited me over to his table, where the group was playing Jenga (sp? - that game where there is a tower of blocks, and you take a block from the bottom and put it on top until the tower falls). 

I was offered a beer, and, so as not to seem like a mooch, I bought a round. Well, naturally, after a few minutes they took out a bill that was folded lengthwise, and emptied about 2-3 grams into the fold. They took fairly large hits, and passed the bill to me. I'd taken several lines at once before, but just snorting out of a bag I had only done once, and it had resulted in my first K-hole. In any case, for whatever reason, I just put my rolled up bill in the fold, and inhaled. I don't know how much I took in, but it must have been a lot, as my nose immediately started to bleed. I went to the WC, cleaned up, and we resumed playing Jenga. We had some good conversations, and I recall making the most amazing Jenga move I've ever seen, although it may have been less amazing than I remember it, of course. In any case, focus was high throughout the evening.

However, later that night, I could not remember the PIN for my bank card. The bank card that I'd been using daily for years and for which I'd never changed the PIN. To this day, it's simply gone - I haven't the slightest idea of what it was. This is the only time I can recall 'scary' side effects due to K usage.