Mixed Health Benefits of Magic Mushrooms

Upon trying Magic Mushrooms, myy prior psychedelic use has been limited to that of Cannabis and synthetic canabanoid compounds. I had had a limited psychedelic experience because of a sleeping  pill called zolpidem when I was a teen. I had read a study by John Hopkins on the benefits of mushroom therapy on those with existential crisis. I had one myself that lasted 2 years ongoing prior to the May 6th experience. That was solved after the experience I'm about ready to outline. I'm 24, Male and an INFP with an IQ of about 118. I work in psychiatric nursing. The best advice I can give anyone wanting to try this is... KNOW THYSELF. You may come out worse than before if you don't.

So I after dealing with panic attacks, fears, and the meaninglessness of life tried to change my state of mind forever. I ordered the mushrooms from a vendor. They arrived and I waited about a week (kept in the fridge) till there was a 'good time'. 

00:00 It's morning my ex is in the room we have some soft music playing on the televison. I take 8 grams. 

00:20 My stoumach feels all sorts of weird and, I feel sorta funny.

00:30 Things seem more funny, even things that aren't really funny I'm very detached from the world.

00:40 Sat on remote accidently turned channel to gospel music didn't notice.

00:60 I have overwhelming feelings of joy and connectedness to the world. Ex laughs and says you really dig gospel music don't ya, I said what this is the ZEN channel. She proclaims that I sat on the remote and changed it I look up it says gospel. I acknowledge this with surprise. I go yeah its all a matter of taste.

01:20 Ex decides to take them. Ex puts on Emo cut my wrist music.
01:30 I can't stand her music its so depressing I take a walk outside.
01:45 I come inside she complains of stoumach issues. I said yeah I had that coming up too it will pass.
02:00 Give ex a xanax because she won't shut up trying to enjoy myself and newfound bliss.
02:20 Walk to corner store get some chocolate for myself and ex in and am really enjoying walk. Birds are so happy.
02:40 Back home give her chocloate she eats it all she seems discomforted. I have to distance myself from her or become her I know this.
02:30 Goddamn the room is wavey complains my ex, no it isn't I say. I look up and it is. I go damn it your creating our reality stop it. 
02:50 Ex tries to convince my I am gullible succeeds.
03:00 I realize I hate said ex, and make plans to move on.
03:10 Then I feel bad for earlier thought
03:20 None of these times are exact and may be way off just a guess but I try and find a clock but I can't find one get lost in color haze upon rainy window.
04:00 I am coming down its an easy come down. I thought it would last longer it didn't
05:00 Fully down Ex is starting to come down.

She came down with no lasting effects other than mild depersonalization. We are both bipolar btw.

I had elevated mood 7 months out (now) and its starting to die down. Worst aspect was that speech was sped up for 7 months and is finally started to slow down. I am now content for the most part in the meaningless. I have found new, and greater things to live for. I really tolerate a lot more than I used to. I wish I could slow down my speech tho. 

Worst part of trip was seeing my mother dead in a bed. Best part of trip was knowing I could enjoy olives and gospel music in some weird deep part of my mind.