Recently, my boyfriend and I have been experimenting with different types of drugs, and due to a large curiousity, we found ourselves with four tabs of LSD. My boyfriend took his a week before I did, but something in the way that he took them was off and they didn't work. So, naturally, when taking my blotters, I didn't really expect anything to happen either.

I was wrong.

I held the blotters under my tongue for about thirty minutes, swishing them around my mouth every one and a while, before I eventually swallowed the tabs. I started to get a slight body high around about an hour and a half in, and it reminded me of the way I had felt while taking Methylone a few weeks prior. I also felt incredibly sexual for a while, but it slowly died down as the high overtook everything.

About two hours in, I was reduced to what I can only describe as a giggling pile. I drew a rainbow with crayons and laughed at the silly names they'd given the colors. At this point, there were no visuals, and it felt more like a very strong weed high than anything else.

Things started changing rapidly, though. I felt sluggish and heavy, and time seemed to be standing still, or going backward and forward at the same time. Minutes felt like hours, and it was hard for me to concentrate on or keep track of anything.

In an attempt to keep track of my ever-changing feelings and thoughts, I began writing a stream-of-conciousness in the notepad application on my computer. I wrote maybe fifteen lines and then stopped, pushing myself against the headboard of the bed as the world began to shift around me.

I first noticed the visuals on my computer screen. The words that I had written began to make pictures, and most of the time, they looked like a giant, beautiful flower. But then it was like they were melting, or blending, or dancing. And then I looked away from the computer screen and noticed that everything was like that.

I continued to watch the words on my computer, laughing gleefully every once in a while when the letters would do a certain dance, or when the room would change colors all around it. As this all went on, I found myself stuck between moments of absolute joy and panic-inducing terror. I remember being afraid of what would happen if the world stayed like that forever, and how things would never be the same for me. But then the words would dance and I would laugh, feeling happy again.

Eventually, I realized that this needed to stop. I had been sitting in the same spot for almost three hours, periodically laughing and completely ignoring my boyfriend, who I could tell was getting weary of babysitting. So, choosing normality over this new, exciting world, I took a Valium and watched the ceiling weave and bleed until the visuals stopped. And then I was just tired, but of course couldn't sleep, so at about three in the morning, I took a sleeping pill and let all the colors fade to black.

I can definitely say that I had a good experience on LSD. I didn't take too much advantage of my altered state of mind to think of any profound thoughts or life-changing ideas. But at the end of the night, I was left with a smile, thinking that from now on I'm going to live life happier, and I still intend to stick to that promise.