It was my sixteenth birthday. At the time, my substances of interest were psychoactive. But I was a beginner. I had only smoked marijuana before, and mushrooms seemed quite appealing at the time. It may have been the boy I was seeing, who influenced my opinion of drugs substantially, or the pressure of trying new things. 

December 17th, 2010.
9:30 pm:
I arrive to M's apartment. As a birthday gift, he had purchased 9 grams of mushrooms for the two of us to share. We agree to wait until midnight before we ingest them.

11:00 pm:
I'm beginning to feel nervous about the upcoming experience, but M insists that it's completely normal for my first time and to have positive thoughts.

December 18th, 2010
12 am:
It's my birthday. M is becoming impatient to start our trip, but I insist we wait longer, as I am not yet comfortable with the idea of tripping. We have sex to pass the time and ease our nerves.

1 am:
I finally decide to commence with the trip. M takes 2 grams and I take 1.5 grams. We chew them and hold them in our mouths for about 10 minutes. After I swallow, I feel a rush of anxiety and ask to go for a walk. We proceed to get dressed accordingly and begin our walk.

1:30 am:
I begin to feel the effects as we are passing by a park. The street lights are brighter, they seem to be glowing. When I look at the branches of trees, they look more like patterns in the sky. I'm feeling a slight tingling sensation in the tips of my fingers. At this point I am quite content, my anxiety has disappeared and been replaced with feelings of curiosity and happiness. I ask him to go back to his place so we can do some more. 

1:50 am:
We arrive at M's apartment. It's a small apartment, but clean and open concept. He lives on the fifteenth floor, and his Dad had customized one of the rooms where a wall is made of all glass and is facing Toronto. After getting undressed (I mean, completely naked), we lay on the bed in silence. Becoming impatient, I ask him when I am going to start peaking. He tells me to wait, but I don't listen and ask if I can eat another .5 with him. He agrees and we do so. 

2:10 am:
We are sitting in his room. It's been 15 minutes since we took the first .5, but time seems to be going slower than usual to the both of us. What seemed like an hour was only 10 minutes, and I ask again if we can take another .5 together. If he were sober, he would most likely have refused and tell me to wait. But we proceeded with the next .5. 

2:30 am:
At this point, I had taken 2.5 grams. I wasn't keeping track of how much I was ingesting. I was becoming frustrated that the effects were taking so long to show, and I had convinced myself that either the mushrooms were bunk, or I was immune to them. My only thought was to take more. Again, I ingested another .5, completely losing track of how much I was taking in on my first trip.  I still felt the tingling in my fingers, and the drawings on his wall seemed more defined, but I wanted more. I wanted to TRIP. 

2:50 am:
I decided I was fed up with taking small doses at a time, since they didn't seem to be doing much for me. I took another 1.5 with M, who was feeling more of the trip then I was. I remember one important thing he told me, "Respect the drug. This isn't man made; this is an all-natural trip. If you treat the substance in any way with carelessness, it will bite you in the ass."

3:05 am:
Oh boy was he right. Not even 20 minutes after he said that, I started feeling an overwhelming sensation physically. Like I was under a lot of pressure and with it carried anxiety. I got up to use the washroom. After I peed, I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror- and that's when I realized I made a huge mistake. I was scared; I had not thought beforehand what mushrooms could do to somebody, let alone me. I was not mentally prepared for this at all. After blanking out in the mirror for about 5 minutes, I returned to M's bedroom. I told him I felt anxious and that I wanted to go for a walk. So, we did. 

3:20 am:
We're outside of his building, and it's starting to snow. I'm looking over the area which I crossed only an hour ago, and everything seems so different and new. The ground doesn't seem to be real- more like something you would see in a modern cartoon, but I try to ignore that. I look up at the snow. Each individual flake had colorful trails following it. This amazes me, but in a scared sense of amazement. We continue walking to the empty bus terminal behind his building without exchanging any words. 

We reach the bus shelters. I'm realizing more and more every second that I'm tripping REALLY hard. I have an intense overwhelming feeling in my body and that makes me uncomfortable with the trip. The tingling sensation as moved to my arms and legs, and I can't feel my heart beat anymore. That scares me. Everything has become a cartoon now. Details in the ground have vanished (I can't see cracks in the side walk, I can't tell between individual blades of grass. It's all just color and texture), the bus shelter is quiet and unwelcoming. M sees that I'm starting to trip hard, so he suggests we make our way back to his place again- no words spoken until we reached his bedroom. 

3:35 am:
My anxiety is sky rocketing now as we pass the security guard. We take the elevator; I can't choose between tripping on the patterns of the walls, or closing my eyes and seeing what I'm thinking. I go with the patterns; at least I can predict how they will make me feel. We're back in his apartment now. I noticed we've only been gone for 10 minutes, and that scares me- it seems like it's been hours. We get undressed, and I get naked because my clothes feel weird against my skin. At this point I'm starting to feel really nauseous, so M tells me to go force myself to throw up. I walk to his bathroom and sit on the floor by the toilet. His walls are a yellow tinted white, but they are changing tints. Red. Blue. Green. Back to yellow. This amazes me yet again, but in a nervous way. 

The color of his deodorant- Old Spice- seems to be popping out against the white. Colors are so bold and bright now. I find myself staring at the deodorant for about 20 minutes before I remember that I have to throw up. After I finish my business (and after trying to clean the blue stains off the side of the toilet), I return to M's room. My nausea has died a little but the overwhelming feeling is still hitting me hard. I can't get comfortable on his bed and I keep rolling around in discomfort. I don't want to close my eyes because I'm scared of what I might see. I keep yawning uncontrollably, even though I am far from tired. My thoughts are clouding my head; "What if I am tripping forever? Am I overreacting? How much did I take? Why can't I close eyes?" This all continues for about 2 hours, including multiple trips to the bathroom.

5:30 am:
The trip is now less intense, but my visuals are still extreme. I'm now able to lie in a comfortable position, and I can close my eyes without worrying too much. The overwhelming feeling has gone away now and has been replaced by a feeling of bliss (I'm not too sure if it was from being relieved that the trip was finally over or if that's normally what happens when coming down). Everything looks beautiful; the sun is starting to rise in the distance, and the sky is a dark purple color. I am utterly amazed by the beauty of it all. The street lights across the city are still on and I imagine them as a whole bunch of cats. That makes me laugh really hard. M has come down mostly from his trip, and he's enjoying my new attitude of the drug. We talk for what seemed like hours after that, about the deeper things of life, religion, etc. Eventually the sun came up and we both decided to go to bed. 

The next day I was quite blank; I didn't know what to think of the trip, let alone anything else. All in all, it wasn't a horrible trip. Near the end was quite relaxing actually. But I would never do it again, and if I do I'd make sure to not eat as much.