On the eve of Summer Solstice, 2010, my glass witch friend (M) and I consumed one mushroom chocolate each, and a handful of dried cubenses in my cozy apartment. At the time, I was still processing the unforseen end of a three-year intense relationship with the man I expected to spend the rest of my life with. My friend was also processing several family-related issues and losses, thus we sought the wisdom of Godsflesh to offer insight and (hopefully) resolve.

About 20 minutes in to the experience as our hearts began to race, we both sat comfortably in the living room meditating and steadying our breathing, engaging in telepathic dialogue. 

M's atoms began spreading further apart, but my emotions unfortunately held mine together, so I left her to dissolve into the comfort of the living room and found a new sitting space on my balcony. I spent a few eons watching the stars dance gracefully and chaotically across the sky. I switched focus to my ex, allowing the pain of separation to bellow up through my entire being until it dragged my heart to its lowest depths. The cold, sinking energy was too much for me to handle; I had to let it go. 

I stood up abruptly, threw open the glass door and ran full-speed through the kitchen, through M's atoms about the living room and out the front door. I almost fell as I raced down the stairs and across the parking lot, but finally broke into a fast and steady pace as the Cosmic Music built in intensity and complexity.  As I approached a nearby grassy hill my chest tightened, but I ran even harder until I reached the top. Once there, the music climaxed and I felt all negative energy surge through and out of me as I gasped for breath. I inhaled the fresh air and felt a complete release of my sadness and hurt. I gazed across the valley feeling rejuvenated and took one more deep breath---only to open my eyes and find myself still sitting with legs crossed on the balcony.

However, my legs still burned, my lungs felt cleared and my energy was positively radiant once more. I felt M's ego had collected itself again, so I went back to the living room to find her smiling and looking equally resolved. 

'Where did you go?' She asked.
'I think I went for a run.' I responded, still trying to catch up.
'That's what I thought.'