I was 17 years old when I tried LSD for the first time. It is important to know that I come from an affluent family with a long history of drug abuse. I am the youngest in my family and my three older siblings each had their own drugs of choice (pain killers, heroin, cocaine). I like to think that I've learned from their mistakes, and take a more experimental approach to drugs than an obsessive one. 

The night I tried LSD for the first time was in late December 2010. My friend, who I had tried other drugs with in the past, was like my guide through this whole new psychedelic world I had never experienced before. That night we went to see STS9 in concert and I was (soberly) very excited. My friend offered me two doses of acid on a small rectangular piece paper. He instructed me to put it under my tongue. I did as he said and sure enough, in about an hour I was tripping.hard.

The music was overwhelming; I had a sensation that I was not only hearing the music, but also seeing and feeling it. The lights moved in ways far too independent and intricate for the sober eye to understand or see at all. But the most bizarre of all was the atmosphere that the band and the crowd formed together. It was as though the people were there to worship.and not necessarily in a good or bad way. 

I had this driving urge to move away from the people I had come to the concert with and take in the faces and movements around me. Pushing my way through the crowd, meeting people along the way, I began to feel as though all of these people were below me. For some reason, which I have pondered for a year now, I developed some superiority complex—I was hallucinating that I was in some hell-like dimension (but not a painful hell, just one where demons reside), and that everyone I saw was a different kind of bottom feeder. Vampires and demons surrounded me, danced beside me, and I felt above them. I truly believed that I was in that place at that time because I was the one responsible for watching over them—keeping them in line. The only person comparable to my character that night is Buffy the vampire slayer.that's the best way I can describe it. 

It is, to this day, one of the strangest things I have experienced. It was fun as hell...literally.