Where to begin...

I had found an online vendor selling what he called 'Yellow Cake' DMT, supposedly 99.5% purity. I grabbed it without thinking much of what it was, I was simply looking for another high. 

I found safe refuge at a friends house the day it came. After opening the small 500mg packet I loaded 50mg of it into the ice pipe I had ordered for the occasion. I lit a candle to save lighter fuel and to have more control over the heat that was to vaporize the sticky yellow powder.

It vaporized easily enough despite my lack of experience with the method of administration, soon a white smoke filled the bulb. It was time to take off, nothing could of prepared me for what was about to happen.

I exhaled all the air from my lungs and slowly filled my lungs with the smoke. Despite its uneasy plastic taste I managed to hold it deep in my lungs. Before I even exhaled I could tell I underestimated the power of this chemical. All sound had stopped cold, the song I had playing (Discovering - Solar Fields) had morphed into this technological catastrophe of beeps and entities trying to reach out to me.

I exhaled quickly and took a smaller second hit. The smoke was much more harsh but aside from a small shudder I held on. 10 seconds pass and I release. At this point I drop my pipe, and my jaw. The world around me had transformed into this mysterious location of color and shapes. Everywhere I looked I saw hidden messages and meanings. 

All I could do was stay seated, marveling at this brand new world before me, the walls now appeared to have a texture of running water and the shag carpet turned into what I can only remember as a wave of motion. This felt like it had lasted hours.

As my mind began to clear so did the lucidity of what I had just experienced. It has now been about 20 minutes since that first hit. I have the greatest feeling of optimism and hope that I haven't felt for a very long time. This is not just another drug, this is a chemical sent from the gods, a drug of pure enlightenment and intelligence. I hope to continue my studies with it and one day break through to the new world beyond ours.