first breakthrough 

I pack a brand new bubbler with some tobacco, then about a bb sized hit of DMT. Heated the DMT until it sorta melted into the top layer of tobacco. Then add another layer of tobacco over it.  First hit...hold in as long as possible. Blow out. I Start to feel a little weird. I hear this vibration. A little bit of the room starts to vibrate.

2nd hit. Hold in. I start seeing crazy 3d geometric patters flying out of thin air. The vibration gets louder sorta like a buzzing noise. As the seconds go by the visuals start taking up my whole vision. I can barely control my arms to hit it a third time but I hear my friend say taaaaakeeeee theeee neeexxxt hiittt all slow and low pitched. I put it to my lips and suck. At that moment I feel like I closed my eyes and I'm shooting through this tunnel of lights, all colors of light.

Mostly red orange yellow blue green. Fuck it I saw all colors.  The room I was in was dark so I saw dark colors more. If I was in a bright fucking room I would of seen white hot lights. At this moment its been about 25 to 30 seconds after last hit. It feels like time has stopped. No time. No sense of me, no conscious no identification with anything. I feel like I'm in some kind of insane geometrical 3D patterned room. The patterns r constantly interlocking and changing. I'm no artist and not very creative at all so ill try my best to explain it. I was seeing beautiful things.  As I get a grip to what's going on I feel this presence . I can't see any thing life like. But I feel like I'm entering this new 'world' and there are beings that know I'm there. As if they r bringing me Into their world slowly ..showing me the ropes. As if I was new born to this insanely different reality. It feels like hours have past. Can't feel my heart beat cant feel myself breathing. I feel detached from my body and my reality. Everything u and I acquire in our life to help us deal with our world. Our surroundings. Our physics and laws. Are gone. As I get acclimated to this new reality I'm in I can start to see these big dark figures. Still while in a 'room' of 3D patterns interlocking.  A 'room' made up of geometrics...I suck at math

But can see this reality is very mathematically structured. As I'm starting to get used to this which I was never fully used to. I see those figures more clearly. These beings have no identity. No names. No race no preference. They r everything and nothing at the same time Big dark looking people with elongated heads. Super smart. Super loving. I felt this great sense of love like I've never felt. I wasn't scared. These beings don't speak english but speak that of a strange 'alien' like language. I've never heard this kind of language. I cant even see them talking. It's as if hey r talking to me through my mind. They r connected to me as so I am with them I felt them the second I got there. They tell me that they r not here to harm.  They r here and I am there for a reason.  And I don't hear this. I feel it more than anything. They take me to a area that's all interlocking but they show me this sort of station Where they can 'dial in' to any dimensional universe.  And see anyone and anything they tell me this is where everyone goes. This world is here for everyone.  As if they r saying its heaven? Or the after life world. Idk. I feel my self commingle back at this point. The visuals lighten Up. The beings melt into patterns. And I see this Aztec looking face made up of shapes looking at me smiling.  And it's in 3D and through that face is thousands of it connected to each other. I hear the buzzing again and it gets quieter.  I open my eyes and everything is still moving and shifting with colors. I see the room and see my friend. It took me 5 or 10 min for everything to seem normal and able to use my voice. I ask 'dude how long was I gone for'....he says 7 minutes. It fucking felt like a year to me. It was the most amazing experience I have ever had. I still missed a few things in this report it was hard to remember everything. 

[Author estimates 50 mg of DMT was used in this experience]