This is an experience with mescaline on the beach in Port Aransas/Corpus Christi, Texas. Me and my ex-girlfriend K got two capsules of mescaline from her brother and decided to go down to the coast and camp out. This was the first time doing mescaline for both of us and we were warned it was going to be really intense. I'm very experienced with psychedelics, having done LSD, mushrooms, salvia, dmt, 2ci, dxm and mdma/related molecules on numerous occasions, so I kind of shrugged off the warning. I was expecting a fun, LSD-like trip on the beach, but instead had one of the most intense experiences I've ever had if not the most. 

The first night we go to the coast, we got stuck in the sand, got unstuck, set up our tent, drank beer and smoked cannabis. The next day we got stuck in the sand again, spent our time drinking beer and getting out of the sand and smoking cannabis. We were going to day trip the next day, but we ended up eating the mescaline that night. After we popped the pills, we chilled in my car and smoked a bowl. This was the last bowl we smoked, because when we got out of my car and went in the tent, I locked my keys in the car on accident. While we were waiting for the trip to start I fell asleep and woke up in an intense trip, with fluctuating loss and regain of ego. I can't recall the exact chronology of events, because I was in a complete timewarp during which visions and experiences happened; it would reach dawn and we'd be running around the beach and then we'd go back into the tent, my girfriend like folded me up into some vision, then I would wake up and would be night again. My trip consisted of being pulled back into this timewarp numerous times. 

When I woke up in my tent, each time I would see a light through the tent coming down the beach. I had a strong intuition to run out and meet the light. As the light came down the beach, the winds of God's wrath were blowing hard against me. The experience wasn't the same every time. The first couple or few times, the light coming down the beach was a car. The last time, the light coming down the beach was a helicopter. When the cars came down the beach they seemed to like disappear where my car was parked and then my car would transform into different kinds of cars. At some point, I realized that this was the devil tempting me with the idea that he could give me material gain, such as a badass new car. The last time I experienced this passover of God's wrath, I had an out-of-body experience I guess, and saw myself with this raging bull ghost thing running through me, not like a bull runs. This thing didn't have legs, rather it had like a casper the ghost bottom, and it was running up and down through my body, kind of like the kundalini or something, I guess would be the best way to explain it. The winds of God's wrath were blowing hard on me and I was burning up with this bull running through me and I felt like I was going to burst into flames. 

Come to think about it, I experienced the bull thing more than once I think. One time I actually remember getting a glimpse of hell--not kidding--the eternal shame and darkness. I had like a vision of a skull with flames in the eyes and dead angel wings in pure darkness with this like loud shrieking scream--best I can explain it. Anyway, the only way to keep from bursting into flames was to hold up Jesus in my heart, that is love of God's Son, even the baby Jesus, the seed that had been planted in my heart, that I had to nourish and not smother. If I didn't do this, God's wrath would have destroyed me in my trip, as far as I know, but I passed the test, I guess, though I did get a sense of failure, as I was in a timewarp and experienced this more than once. 

Before this, I was a very new age influenced, watered-down Christian, or wannabe Christian mystic/gnostic that didn't literally accept miracles and the power of God. Revelation says of the Church age of Laodicea something like: 'They will have a form of godliness, but deny the power thereof.' After this mescaline trip, I believe in miracles and I guess you could call me a born-again Christian. About a week later, my girlfriend (now ex-girlfriend) baptized me in the greenbelt in Austin, Texas. After that, I was standing on a rock and a bunch of little fish literally gathered around me and were looking to me. Jesus said: 'I will make you fishers of men.' 

During and after the trip, sayings and Bible verses came up that had significance to the trip. Sayings like 'don't sway in the wind' and Bible verses that talk about 'building your tent on solid ground' and if your ready and know the theifs coming then they can't 'break in and steal your inheritance.' In the Passover of Exodus, the destroyer passes over Egypt and whoever has the 'blood of a lamb' on their door was protected. In Revelation, Jesus treads the winepress of God's wrath, meaning he follows the tribulation carried out by the destroyer. When I would wake up in my tent and see the light coming down the beach, it was like a voice inside said 'go meet the light, it is Jesus coming to give you your inheritance.' 

During the last experience of this particular part of the trip (there's a lot more I could write about), when the helicopter came down the beach about 15 feet above the ground, I actually felt as if I was 'caught up' for a second. Then I came back to the beach and there was nothing on it--no cars, no tents, nothing. I was frightened and didn't want to be alone, then I started thinking, realizing I had slight non-realization of ego, and then I said out loud 'I am [my name] and I have a life to answer for.' At that instant, everything reappeared on the beach, except for my car. And I think I became conscious of my girlfriend's presence again, who was just kind of following me through my trip she said, and I'm pretty sure she saw my car disappear too. However, I decided to walk up to the place where my car was supposed to be and then it reappeared. I think there is a big difference between a random hallucination and a higher consciousness actually messing with you in a manner such as this. 

I believe I experienced time-travel during this trip. I would be standing on the beach and I would see cars, tents and rvs all changing, disappearing, reappearing as new things, rapidly, as if time was passing before my eyes. So I feel like I was sort of in a higher consciousness dimension in which this was possible, kind of like the Scrooge in the muppet story when he has to go around and see the people he oppresses on Christmas or whatever. 

There's other parts of the experience I could include, but they are kind of hard to word and they are irrelevant to this core of the experience. The sun finally came up and I felt victorious in a way. My girlfriend was trying to mess around with me sexually, but I resisted, though I was horny, and said 'no, Jesus Christ is more important.' This morality didn't hold up, though I want to live by the Word of God now. I cracked a beer, because we locked the water in my car with the cannabis and walked out to experience the beauty and the glory of the beach, with all these birds that would come up to us and fly around us in a circle--several of them. It was cool. Definitely a good beach. We had to get my car unlocked, but I didn't have cell-phone service, yet my I relied on my faith and the wind brought me cell phone service when I needed it. I called my dad and had him help us out with getting a locksmith out there. After I hung up, my service disappeared again, but as soon as the locksmith showed up, I regained service and was able to call my dad so he could make the payment by phone. Very interesting. 

Anyway, that pretty much sums up the purpose of this experience report. I'm not sure if I'm gonna do psychedelics anymore at all. I kind of want to see what mescaline is like in another environment, but it was really intense and I don't know if I need to experience it again. I guess I'll see how life unfolds. 

Shalom,
Praying Bull