A friend of mine revealed that he had done a DMT extraction months prior and was wondering if I was interested in trying it. I tripped on DMT three times, and will attempt to describe these first trips into a new reality.
	
Before smoking DMT for the first time, I thought that I kind of knew what to expect. I had read reports about alien entities, and a total replacement of reality. I soon learned that describing a DMT trip is quite difficult. 

My friend put some Ravi Shankar on, and I sat down on a sleeping bag trying to compose myself, taking a few deep breaths.  I was handed a bowl of DMT mixed with peppermint leaf (50 mg total, the mixture being about 50% DMT). Once I became ready, I lit the bowl and inhaled the smoke in. I held the smoke in for about 10 or 15 seconds, and start feeling lightheaded. I put the bowl and lighter down on the ground and the world immediately began fizzling away. "I'm going now," I said out loud, and lay down on the sleeping bag. The spinning fan above me started to revolve around its base (much like the Earth revolves around the Sun), and my vision took a green tint to it. I closed my eyes. 
	
In the darkness of my eyelids I saw a mystical lady flying above me, roughly where the fan used to be. She and I were in a green and red tunnel (a kaleidoscope pattern) that undulated into the black distance. My memory of the rest of this experience is somewhat faded, but I believe it lasted about 5 minutes. When I was back to "reality", I immediately said "What the fuck..." out loud to my two friends (they both sat for me while I tripped) and smiled. DMT is a very strange experience, made stranger by the extremely quick onset and rapidity of effects. It was hard to take everything in because how quickly and aggressively it happened, though there was nothing negative or frightening about the trip otherwise.
	
I waited about an hour before my second trip, and I took the same dosage as I had done before. The effects took hold of me immediately as before, and this time I was zooming along through hyperspace, surrounded by a glowing, golden wall. I was essentially inside a beautiful temple, the walls covered in golden geometric shards, except the roof of the temple was open to outer space. When I looked at the wall of the temple, I noticed that the "Temple God" was inside of it, resembling a giant lion's face (composed of the same golden geometric patterns). When I focused on the Temple God's face, it turned purple and focused on me, startling me. I quickly came back to reality and my trip ended. I want to emphasize again that there were no negative feelings during this trip.
	
I enjoyed my second trip so much, I wanted to trip again almost immediately. I waited for about 30 minutes (my other friend wanted to try it in the meantime), and prepared for my third trip. I upped the dosage this time, and smoked the equivalent of about 35 mg of DMT, I believe. My two first trips could not have possibly prepared me for the epiphany I came upon during my third trip. The first thing I saw was similar to what I saw on my second trip: golden geometric patterns. But then I found myself in a room similar to the room I was tripping in, except I was standing up and the room had many exits. I rushed from one to another, trying to find the correct one, and I suddenly came upon a shocking realization: The reality we know and take for granted every day is but a subset of true reality. I suddenly FELT true reality; my mind started zooming out from everything, I saw the room I was in from a great distance, and felt a reality more real than I had ever felt. I then realized that time and space were just a small subset of all the many dimensions of reality, and I felt distanced from these concepts. Linearity did not seem to be terribly important. Our sober, conscious minds rely on the ideas of time and space so strongly, but these are just constructs we have created, because that is all we can relate to. The psychedelic mind does not have these boundaries. 
	
When I was coming down from this trip, I was not exactly sure who I was. My sense of self had been destroyed, albeit in a beautiful, non-negative way. I suspected that I might be my sister, but then realized who I was. I crouched down on the ground and covered my head in my arms. My friend asked me if there was anything he could do to make me more comfortable, but I wasn't afraid: I just found coming back so overbearing. 
	
To this day I believe there is a reality much greater than what we deal with every day. DMT has shown me this. DMT is not a recreational drug. It's not something to do when you want to get "fucked up". DMT is a spiritual journey to a different place. Unbelievably enough, that place might just be reality.