It was the middle of the summer I believe. Me and best friend Mike were always in the business of doing any kind of drug together, whether it been simply marijuana, or an extreme psychedelic. 

Earlier in the week, mike told me that he had just gotten some mushrooms, and that they were supposed to be good (we had gotten a bad batch earlier that month). As usual, I was down to trip so we planned on taking them that weekend. 

That night came around, we were just hanging around at his parents house, waiting for them to go to sleep. When they did we got right to it and just ate an eighth each raw. At that time, I was pretty nervous, since it was my first time to trip really hard, but I knew it would be cool since I had Mike there with me.

We went downstairs to watch 'pineapple express' to pass the time until the shrooms kicked in. About an hour after we took them, mike started feeling warm and seeing things move in the corner of his eyes. I didnt understand because I wasnt feeling anything at the time. He settled down and we kept watching the movie. 

Just ten minutes later, my face became very warm, even to the touch. and I had the strange feeling that my face was moving, which is a very very odd sensation. At the time I had no idea how hard I was tripping, but nevertheless It was coming on strong. I noticed something, every character in the movie had something odd about them but I couldnt put my finger on it. Then all at once the mushrooms hit me. 

I saw the the faces of all the characters were upside down, and even though they were speaking English, I couldnt understand anything they were saying. I looked over at Mike, who was extremely fixated on the tv, and his body was waving and pulsating in a very weird manner, I looked at my hands, which seemed to flow in a way kinda like playdoh. I wasn't scared, maybe a little apprehensive, but I was handling it ok.

The movie ended and the room went completely black. Me and Mike jumped up immediately and looked over at his computer, The tiny lights on the computer were glowing bright and floating around the room like stars. We both paused and looked at each other, apparently seeing the same vision at the same time. 

We went upstairs to his room and both just laid down in the bed just to soak in what was happening. i had a great sense of euphoria at this point, I was so amazed by what I was seeing that I couldnt bring myself to say anything. We decided to turn off the lights, making it completely black (he lived in the mountains so there were no lights whatsoever). Once the lights went out, thats when things got crazy.

All of a sudden strange animals were forming in my field of vision, an octopus was the most prominent, it would just float around the room back and forth, kinda like he was watching over us. Mike picked up his ipod and started playing 'god was an astronaut' which intensified my trip so much, it was taking me to another dimension. I had no feeling in my body, at that moment I was pure spirit just floating in and out of the music. I became a little overwhelmed and yanked the earbud out and walked to the bathroom.

I ran the water and took and handful and splashed it in my face, and for about three seconds I became completely sober and remember thinking, here we go again. As soon as the sentence came out of my mouth, the whole trip came rushing back full blast. I stared at myself at the mirror, I was talking but I cant remember what I said, but when I would say it, my reflection would say it back a couple seconds later, almost like I was conversing with myself. 

After a while I was done with that and went to go back to Mikes room, I turned off the bathroom light and walked in the hallway. As soon as I walked out, the darkness of the house overwhelmed me, It was as if it was holding me in one spot and I couldnt break free of it. At this point I became pretty scared but I reassured myself that I was tripping and that I was just in the hallway. 

I finally broke loose and walked back into the room, seeing Mike playing around on his phone (I have no idea how long that whole process took or what he had been doing the whole time). I got back in the bed when his cat walked up and jumped over towards me. I was petting him and he was spiraling around my arm and twisting in a way like a cloud of smoke which was definitely a great sensation just feeling cat hair. 

We both tried to go to sleep, it was at least 3 or 4 in the morning, I had very vivid dreams and at one point rewrote my whole life story in a matter of seconds in my mind. Something Ill never be able to explain. And what felt like just a blink of time I was waking up, close to 11 in the morning feeling just so mentally refreshed. 

I ate a bowl of cereal and left, Mike had already gotten in the shower to leave for work. On the way home I felt like I had absorbed so much valuable information, none of which I could put into words. I went on to go home and sleep for a very very long time.

it was definitely an enlightening experience, one I will do again many times in the future.