College

My first semester at Oregon State University my friend and I had planned to go on a mushroom camping trip, because we were in Oregon it was too rainy. We decided that we could just walk around this nature trail I knew right off of campus. We made sure to buy some orange juice at the dining hall before we left; as we reached the end of the road and got on the trail we took our mushrooms to eat them. 

We both planned to take an eighth (we have both done mushrooms a few time before), I suggested that because we were in an uncontrolled environment we should eat half then wait a bit to see if we wanted to eat the rest. In no time at all did I start to feel the mushrooms (my body reacts super-fast to them, it's odd). The air and my breathing seem to mix into one pulse, the atmosphere around me felt still, as we walked on the gravel trail the puddles looked rainbow—kind of like a psychedelic oil spill, these rainbow puddles also started to form pictures, I remember them being kind of art nouveau style. What was odd was that these pictures seemed to be telling a person's life story, at that time I was freaking out about school, what freshman wasn't? I was a fashion major but I really didn't feel like it was right, I had wanted to do this for so long, my mom would always tell me I wasn't sure of my future and I was determined to prove her wrong. But all the sudden I found myself feeling lost and afraid of hurting my pride. I was watching this 'rainbow life story' and also thinking about my future.

My friend and I were almost to the covered area at the end of the trail, we ventured off into the woods to go smoke, it was getting to be dusk and the tree limbs about were all bare, this made them look like close-ups of snowflakes, except they were surrounding me, I at this point decided that I probably shouldn't smoke so I just stood there for a bit kind of swaying tying to not fall over. We then had to run down the hill, which I was actually able to do. I then kind of started to feel sick, also I was talking a lot (when I'm tripping I like to talk about all my thoughts because I just feel this urge to communicate so I know I'm okay) about how we are always part of a system—like college. I then realized that the gum I was chewing was gone, I started freaking out thinking that I was going to choke on it, and I kept telling my friend that, also I felt super nauseous at this point. When we got to my hall we took the elevator up (later on my friends said that the lines on the floor looked like they were moving), we got in my room and I freaked out about it not being clean, then decided I should take a shower. 

As I was washing my hair I realized I was still booming—the shampoo didn't feel like it was even in my hands and my body felt like it was melting and looked like it was 'breathing', I literally just thought to myself: "It's okay your just chill 'in, your cool". As I looked at the corner of the shower it seemed to stretch back as if the shower was growing. I finally went back to my room and me and my friend watched the movie: Smiley Face, after the movie we got food and I felt so calm and exhausted, I also felt at peace with the fact that I didn't know what I wanted to do with my life just yet. 

Although a very intense experience I was also so rewarding because the realizations that I was able to come to terms with.