I had been very curious about LSD for quite some time. Years, actually. I had done a lot of research about the drug, so I had a slight idea of what to expect. I finally got my chance. My friend and I were going to a rave, and we had a connection who could get us some once we got there. Raves are nothing new to me. Going to raves is what I live for. I've heard you shouldn't try LSD for the first time at a rave because it can be too overwhelming. However, I am comfortable in the rave atmosphere, and I didn't want to miss my opportunity. My friend also wanted to try it for the first time, and we thought this would be perfect since the rave was psychedelic themed and would be playing different types of trance music.

When we got there, we quickly found our connection. I bought one tab because I didn't want to dose too high on my first trip. I realized that I probably could have handled two hits, but I'm glad that I only took one. It was definitely enough to make me trip without being overwhelming. I danced for a little while as I waited for the drug to come on. 

About 45 minutes after ingestion, I started feeling slightly lightheaded, and the back of my head started tingling on and off. My friend was feeling the same effects, so we decided to go sit down. Sitting down was definitely a good idea. My body felt kind of jittery as if I just drank an energy drink on an empty stomach. My legs were trembling and felt a little bit like jello. Then I got a very stoned feeling. It felt like I had just smoked a ton of weed, and it was hard to move. I just sat there observing all the people while feeling very out of it. The come up lasted about half hour. Then the jittery and stoned feelings started to subside. I felt like I got a burst of energy all of a sudden, so we went back out on the dance floor.

There were UV reactive psychedelic art banners hanging up on the wall, and they had completely transformed from when we first got to the rave. The colors and patterns swirled together slightly, and it looked as if they were in 3D. It was totally amazing. I kept saying, "This is so pretty!" Tracing was another cool effect of the drug. Tracing is when an object moves really fast and you're not just seeing it as a single object but also the various movements that make up the complete movement. Basically, it's like a multiple exposure effect. I found this completely fascinating. When people were giving light shows, I could see all these pretty lights floating around. I could have watched them for hours. My friend also had a metal tongue ring and when she would move her tongue, I would see several metal balls swirling around. I thought it was the coolest thing. At one point, she was shaking her head around, and I said, "No, don't do that!" It was incredibly creepy. She looked demonic when she did that, and it freaked me out for a second. Then we went into a giggle fit about it. I felt intense euphoria the whole night and laughed about pretty much anything. Time was also distorted. It felt like time was going by so fast. We would think that hours had gone by, but then we would look at the clock, and only an hour had passed.

The best way to describe my trip was very dream like. It really felt like I was in a dream. Everything looked so beautiful and magical. I was so nervous going into it because I wasn't exactly sure what to expect, but it was not the least bit scary. It was truly an amazing experience that I will never forget. I saw the world, people, and life from a whole new perspective. LSD is definitely a magical drug, and I certainly can't wait to experience it again in the future.