I had been fascinated by DMT since I first heard what it was. The so called 'spirit molecule' had been tantalizing my psyche to the point where it was only a matter of time that the sacred chemical would find its way to me. Being an extensive psychonaut, I knew intention was on my side.  Soon my prize would be in my grasp.

One day, my friend K gave me a call and asked if I wanted to sample some DMT. Without hesitation I invited him over.  When K arrived at my basement he pulled out all kinds of gear, (what appeared to be something one would make a makeshift bong out of), a bottle, a wrench attachment, and the one that puzzled me steel wool. I asked K "What is the steel wool for?" He responded by explaining he was making "the machine", a homemade DMT smoking device that resembles a gravity bong with steel wool stuck inside the bowl to vaporize the chemical as its being heated. As he assembled the device strong anxiety started to build, not unpleasant but in the same way I feel when going in front of people to sing, speak, or entertain. Once the device was made, K poured a 1/10th of a gram into the bowl and told me to hit it.

With shaky hands I sparked the lighter inhaling from the bottom of the bottle where the mouth piece was.  As my first hit entered my lungs, instantly I had that "coming home again" feeling as my walls began to gain in relief and other dimensions all within a 2 second time span.  I took one more lungful of the thick white smoke, and at this point things become a tad bit hard to describe.

The first feeling was that of reality folding in on itself. I was standing next to my couch watching reality bend and take my being with it. I hear a voice say "it's time to sit now" so I curl up on my couch and close my eyes. I could hear an ethereal "Woooom woooom wom wom wom wom wm wm wm wm wm wm wm wm wm;  A biomechanical noise that is impossible to recreate, that began to go from sound to feeling.  These vibrations were only a precursor to what was to come.  Suddenly in the black void of my eyes a kaleidoscopic biomech carousel jutted into plain view very briefly before it sucked me inside it. At this point my conscious mind is falling through endless patterns and figures and is being shown everything the psychedelic world has to offer. Peacock feather eyes make up most of these visuals, as well as 4 dimensional "U" shapes.

These visuals become more and more vivid until finally the DMT hits an apex, and decides to show me something that I will remember indefinitely for the rest of my life. As I watched the visuals suddenly "something" reached through them, this thing was made of the same biotechnology that I mentioned earlier, its eyes and mouth all that 4 dimensional "U" shape. It pulled the visuals apart as if it was pulling away a curtain and stared directly into my consciousness. The being spoke to me telepathically, in a very friendly joking manner. I interpreted it saying "You think this shit is crazy." as it reached out with its strange "hand"  and grabbed my consciousness pulling it like a tablecloth, it then said "WATCH THIS" as it pulled me into what can only be described as a wormhole. As I flew through this strange place I was zapped repeatedly with what looked like orgasmic lightning, each blast filling me with more and more light and wisdom and euphoria. 

Finally I begin to come out of the trip. I'm at a level *** now as my mind tries to integrate what just happened to it. Simple peak visuals and patters swayed and flowed over each other as I lay on the couch and ride the rest of the DMT out.  DMT is by far one of my favorite psychedelics. If only they could make it stronger and last longer.