I had only just learned of DMTs existence a few days before I smoked it.  I was browsing the internet looking for experience reports on MDMA, at the time it was the strongest substance I had taken.  While researching MDMA I learned about DMT which was completely new to me.  The day I acquired it I had been at work waiting tables at a small Japanese restaurant.  

Me and my friend B were sitting at one of the empty tables chatting.  She was well experienced in psychoactive usage so I asked her about DMT.  She tells me that her and her boyfriend W had been given some for free by their pot dealer and had stashed it away for some time because they were a bit weary about taking it.  She took me through all the bad trip reports her friends had recited to her.  The only one that I can still remember is the guy who was raped by interstellar lizards.  So being to afraid to try she tells me that I can just have it.  

I met W at a gas station that same night to pick it up and then drove back to my apartment with the bag of tiny yellow crystals.  Once back at the apartment I stashed it away, my girlfriend was there and I didn't want her to be around when I smoked it since these things scared her.  After talking to her for a bit she retired to bed and I positioned myself on the couch with my bowl and DMT.  

I loaded the bowl solely with the DMT and lit it with my bic, it instantly caught fire.  I drew a large hit and sat back. It tasted like a jungle, a heavy thick smoke. A vibration echoed through my body along with this very loud hum that became louder and louder until everything transformed into legos...moving legos...they moved in every direction simultaneously, it was impossible but it was happening.  Colors were too real, I was in awe.  After a few minutes it stopped and I slowly came down to baseline.  I had to get some air so I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette.

After returning to the couch it took me some time to work up the courage to lift the bowl again.  I'd never tripped before so it was very unsettling to have such a full blown hallucination off of one hit of anything and to have it come on quickly, I'd imagine around 15 seconds and I was in a trance.

So here we go round two, I lift the bowl and take one large hit, exhale, I light the bowl again and take one more large hit and drop my bowl.  From here my memory gets foggy and words become inadequate symbols for my experience.  It began as it had the first time with the humming and vibrations, becoming louder by the second until the room was swirling with color and feeling.  I felt myself disconnecting from myself.  As if layers of who I was were being pealed away.  My personality, my life, my humanness, what made me me was being stripped away faster and faster until a point was reached where my being my consciousness completely merged with everything else, everything that was was me and I was it.  All of it.  I was seeing but not with eyes, what was in front of me was infinite, eternal space.  It was bliss, I had no concerns, no regrets, no worries, I was nothing and everything.  For a moment I forgot who I was and what I had done.  And then it occurred to me that I was a human being having a psychedelic experience.  With this I felt me coming back to me and the world around me reappeared.

I was almost back down when I looked at my left hand and watched the lines in my palms become canyons.  Inside the canyons were hundreds of tiny eyes, closed.  They started floating to the surface and opened.  They floated off of my palm and into the air and began speaking telepathically to me about the nature of reality.  I can't remember what they said but I do remember the nature of the talk and that it was something about being eternal.  I said something stupid like I hope my girlfriend doesnt wake up and see you all and I do remember them replying at once 'we won't let that happen'.

They began to dissipate and I began to return to complete baseline.  Lying in bed I could still feel the vibration the DMT had sent through me.  I felt euphoric for weeks after the experience, its one I will never forget.