ALWAYS Respect DMT

Now I'm not usually one to post my trips. But I feel this one is necessary. I've done my fair share of psychedelics but I feel DMT is one thing I am never ready for. The setting couldn't have been any better me and my buddy(let's call him M) were sitting in his room each with our own piece in hand with 40mg with cannabis to hold the substance. Led Zeppelin playing and dim lighting.

Now before I explain my trip let me explain the potentcy of this batch. I was told by my reliable source that this was from his first run. Most pure and potent. Almost white with a tinge of yellow. 

Now I've smoked DMT about 10 times now. 3 times out of a gravity bong. 7 out of a pipe. My most profound trips have been off the gb up until this time. Out of a pipe it seemed more zen. In a void trying to find a connection. So I was already going into this experience underestimating the power of this drug. Before a grav I would go into it with a sense of respect and power. Meditating even before I take the hit. 

Now to the experience. I put the bowl too my lips and take my first hit. Already I notice the distortion in sound while listening to Going To California. Held for 10 seconds blew out. 2nd hit - held for 10 seconds; visuals start to arise. 3rd hit - held for 5 seconds; intense patterns flowing through open air with eyes open. 4th hit - held 10 seconds; close eyes and see portal. Quickly take 5th hit - hold for about 3-4 seconds. The potency of this compound was hitting me hard. Honestly I probably didn't even smoke the full 40mg as the cannabis on top of the DMT still had some green in it when I couldn't hit it anymore. 

I blast through this portal. Almost vaginal looking with a warm red surrounding the god-like white center. Closed eye visuals way too intense too focus on. Faces appearing and re-appearing at god-like speeds. Some sort of pressence forces my eyes open. 

I open my eyes only to realize I'm no longer in M's room. But I still see M and his bed he was laying on, and the couch where I am sitting. I'm in a room which appears to belong too someone of great power. Somewhere a god should live. I look down at my body to realize I am nothing. A endless black void, only left with my mind. I start to think I'm dead, I look at M he appears lifeless too. I remember that I smoked DMT and calm down a little. 

I've never experienced the feeling of being in this realm for a lifetime or eternity. Then I realized Going To California was only have way through. Then the feeling of loss of self came about. I relaxed and took the intense visuals that were violently thrown in my face out of anger almost it seemed. These feelings sound as if it was a bad experience. But not at all. The total trip time was 10 minutes. But for those 10 minutes I was in the world of the afterlife. I feel I had a glimpse of what is really after all of this. 

I will say one last thing before I depart. I say the visuals seemed out of anger. I believe it was because I was going into this experience in a bad mind set. I didn't respect this molecule like one should before in taking it in to ones body and brain. It was almost like these spirits, entities or beings, whatever these energies I've encountered throughout trips were punishing me for not respecting this compound in a higher power. I doubted and they punished.  

Be safe travelers. And remember it always ends. It just may feel a lifetime.