I was going into my sophomore year in high school when I was first told about the Spirit Molecule, DMT. Of all places I was at a camp during the summer and one of my Staffers was showing me some music for tripping and he told me about DMT. I was quite intrigued and immediately became interested as he explained part of what he experienced. I knew that I had to at some point try this and around 3 years later I finally am given the opportunity to Break Through.

I had at this point much better drug experience with trying things like Acid, 2CE, Mushrooms, etc. I knew in my head I wanted to have the experience and I had done immense research on it to make sure I knew at least partially what to expect but from what I experienced I realized that its difficult to prepare for such a trip. I can't even really consider what I experienced to be a trip as it was more of an journey to Enlightment.

I went on Spring Break and boy was I happy. My buddy and I had planned out that we were going to do DMT and the anticipation was killing me throughout the day. Once we finally retrieved it we went off to the wood were there was an old tree house we would smoke and drink at. We were using a wooden steamroller and we mixed the DMT with weed to be able to smoke it. The woods were thick and it was getting dark so the setting was very calm.

My friend took the first bowl and he immediately drifted into a state of euphoria and said he could see the souls within me and all the trees. He said life was so beautiful and that I had to join him. I repacked the SR with weed and a point of DMT in the center and I took 2 hits. My friend asked me if I wanted to hit it again and at that point everything slowed down and I saw my hands flicker as I shook them and my head 'Noooooo'. 

As the world slowed and my words went to mush I felt my eyes sink outwards and suddenly the whole world was frozen in time. For a moment it stayed like that till everything went black and squares of colors appeared in my vision as if I was standing right in front of them. The square of colors made Mosaics and beautiful art and would twist and turn, move backwards and forwards, change positions with one another . I was flying through this warphole like color world as if the shapes were all unlocking a new realm. Once the color stopped I suddenly began seeing civilizations and worlds unlike Earth full of peace and perfection with technology. Almost alien lifeforms were in the places but one in particular stayed with me and spoke in some strange language to me that I could understand. Data was being shot into my brain as I spoke with female deity and I was being overwhelmed by emotion. I wanted the information to come slower but it just kept going so I just accepted it and allowed myself to watch all the glory in front of me. The female that guided me looked almost alien like but somewhat human. She had one big eye in the center on her forehead and possibly more than 2 arms. I began to see words scrolling in the side of my vision in a strange language I could not read. It just looked like lines and shapes from out of this world. 

As my trip became more intense with all I was seeing and feeling I reached a stage where I realized I had been in this place before. A while before this I had overdosed on 2C-E by insulfating  too much and was blacked out roaming through peoples front yards on a completely differnt planet that was all in my head and this was it. I had forgotten about it completely yet revisiting in such a way made me remember. It was almost as if I could search through my brain like I was looking at a blueprint. All my memorys and thoughts were in filing cabinets and I was flying through them.

The next stage of my experience is the one I remember the least and that is because I believe it was the most important. I began to see myself among a world of souls and perfection that was made of nothing but light. It was all positive energy and peace. I felt fear at some points but always the reasuring feeling in my chest that I was ok. My friend's was able to be heard while I was here and we spoke of the beauty as me and him made a connection seeing the same world. We joined hands and I told him I believed in God. I had been an Atheist for years and what I had been witnessing and seeing even at that moment assured me that there was an omnipotent being that was so complex and out of this world that no human could possibly understand it. The knowledge I felt pulsing in my brain was unlike ever before. Slowly the lights of enlightment began to fade and much of what I saw is unclear to me in that state but I just know that it was beautifull. 

Once I could see my friend again and was able to see somewhat I felt my forehead and felt a numb sensation. I realized that a mosquito had landed on my forehead and bit it while I was on my journey. It might just be coincidence but strange that it would bite me leaving a mark where the third eye is. I finally was able to stand up and we exited the woods and looked upon the trees that were moving and making shimmering shapes. I explained to him what I experienced and fell to my knees, crying, and repented to God, whatever God is, that I was sorry for my ignorance and accepted him into my life for I believe now is truth for how vivid and power my experience was.

Overall I must say DMT is great, and was exactly what I was looking for in my life. I feel as though I can live my life in a whole new way now. The amount I learned has absolutly changed my views in the best of ways.  My experience was truly an amazing one.