This is my second experience with these 'Golden Teacher' shrooms, dosed them for the first time 2 weeks ago. Me and my brother had planned a camping trip at the lake. We have been looking for this escape for some time, it was something to look forward to. I have plenty of experience with Shrooms and LSD, among other psychedelics. 
   
We got to the campsite at about 2 or 3, and began to set up our tent. We got it put up and I began to throw blankets  into it while my brother started the fire. Not long after the fire started we notices the fire had caught the grass around it, and a large grass fire ensued. The fire ended up spreading throughout most of our camp area, only a foot from the car and almost touching the tent. We had attempted to retrieve water from the lake, but that proved to be more difficult than expected. All we could get was mud and trace amounts of water, so we poured our drinks out and emptied our cooler onto the fire. After 10 minutes of struggle it finally went out, and it had spread several yards in diameter. After words we caught our breath, got some drinks, and smoked a bowl or two out of our new chillums. At about 4:30 we mixed and ate our shroom pudding, an 1/8th each.

While we were coming up we went on a walk on the 'beach' (dried edge of the lake). We got a fair distance before my brother sat down, he was feeling rather nauseous, not unusual for either of us on shrooms, although I was not feeling nauseous yet. We sat for a while and I paced back and forth, until he finally got up and we walked towards the campsite. Half way there my brother threw up in the grass, not unusual; he always throws up on shrooms. 

After he gathered himself we got back to the campsite. We sat in the grass near the tent, each of us speechless. I was watching the trees around me shrink and grow, and the grass below me swirl and twist. At this point, I was feeling rather nauseous. We grabbed a blanket and laid down in the grass, motionless. I was staring at the sky, and I saw white dots dancing back and forth, flying through the sky. I felt like I could 'see through' the sky, and I saw diamonds dancing behind it. I wanted to move and look elsewhere, but I was suffering from what I considered extreme motion sickness. I closed my eyes and saw some of the most distinct CEVs of my life. I saw an eye, almost tribal like, and it appeared  to almost be a face. Melting triangles surrounded it in a kaleidoscope like fashion. I saw this image blink, dance, and then melt in front of me. At that moment I opened my eyes, and above me were several flocks of Quail. They zipped through the sky, distorting the sky around them, as if they were swimming through it, distorting it much like a black hole would light. I felt like I could reach out and catch one, I couldn't tell if they were close or far. Soon behind them were black birds, birds so black they looked like black holes tearing through the sky. I felt as though I was one with nature, just an Ape watching time go by. All the complexities of my life at home had left me, and I was swimming in joy. 
  
Shortly after I gathered my strength and walked towards the tent, were I laid for a while again. My brother suggested we go on a walk, and view the sun that was going to set soon. We grabbed a couple joints and were on our way. We got down to the 'beach' and lit the first joint. We smoked it and I could feel the weeds buzz engulf my body, the trees started to grow, shrink, twirl, and dance even more brilliantly. In the distance across the lake, on a plateau, were to trees, dancing the night away. The tree were, in my mind, me and my brother. The sky slowly tented from light blue to a mango yellow, to a pink. The colors appeared to flow, like an upside down waterfall in the sky, blues, pinks, reds, yellows. Soon it got dark, only a half moon to light us. We lit up the second joint and went back to camp. On the way back I remember accidentally putting the joint into my mouth the wrong way, and freaking out because I thought I had swallowed fire. Once we finally found our camping spot, we sat in the grass and looked up at the sky. The stars were deep LED blue, and golden. Each of them seemed like a laser point pointing at us from the sky. We sat and talked about alien life, primitive humans, the food chain, a ton of random "nerdy" things. Once again we were one with nature, just primitive men bearing it out in nature, just like our ancestors. 
  
We later went back to the tent and smoked some more out of the chillums, and talked away the night, laughing about the fire and stuff. After downing a couple shots of whiskey each to help us to sleep, we woke up the next morning refreshed and clear minded. We packed our things, packed a bowl, and went on our way home.