I have smoked Weed in the past but, only taken like 3 hits or so. I was going to sell my friend a video game for $20 but instead he offered my a gram for the game. So I went over to his house. He had rolled a blunt for me. We went in the back yard and he lit it up and gave it to me. I took the first hit and inhaled. Then another and a third. It kicked in like 30 seconds. I felt like I did with previous experiences kinda dizzy, happy tingly. The blunt was barely even worn down I let him take a few hits while it settled in. I took it back and took 2 more hits, and a couple more and then the blunt was gone. 

When we were finished I hadn't even remembered smoking in the first place. I tried to walk and I felt like I was a dinosaur for some reason. I looked out into his back yard and it looked and felt like heaven. I felt so peaceful and calm. This was probably 20 mins after I first smoked. I heard this buzzing sound and it was so nice and harmonic.

We went inside his house and I remembered smoking now and I watched him play video games, but I couldn't pay attention I would keep on dozing off and look at random things and become entertained by them. This wasn't even the peak. My friend had to leave so I walked home. I only live like 2 streets away. On my way home I saw the mailman. I got really paranoid I kept saying to myself he knows I'm high he knows I'm high.

I finally made it home and went upstairs to my bed. It had been about an hour since I smoked. This was probably the peak. I was tired so I laid in my bed. I turned the T.V on but I couldn't pay attention. When I was laying down I felt like my soul was jumping out my body and coming back, then it would sink into the floor and come back out again. I also started to make up words and keep on saying them and this random melody would start playing in my head and it wouldn't stop. I didn't remember who I was. I wasn't thinking about school or my mom and dad or my brother I forgot all of that.

I started coming down and I remembered who I was and that I was a teenager and I go to high school and things like that. I went down stairs and I watched T.V. It was now about 2 and a half hours since I smoked. I could pay attention now. I was still buzzed for another hour and a half. The whole high lasted 4 hours. It was crazy.

The next day I told the same friend about it. He said the only reason why I was so high was because that I don't smoke a lot. Overall the experience was fun.