To provide a summary of my young history into psychoactive substances; I discovered alcohol and marijuana at the comparatively belated age of 20. I then tried to quickly, but safely advance to higher levels of mind exploration. I was incredibly curious about trying mushrooms, and had spent roughly 6 months actively searching for something beyond "knowing a guy that knows a guy who might have some shrooms." I grew impatient in my quest and on the most recent New Year's Day tried out cough syrup after reading several reports and talking to a couple friends about it, only to panic at the first sensations of a trippy mind state and spent the next 6 hours cowering in fear. That was just over four months ago.

Well, the beautiful day came along where a coworker came through and after trustfully fronting him my money; I had acquired a marvelous 4.2 grams of psilocybin containing mushrooms. I was ecstatic for my first trip which I had planned on committing to on my work-free Sunday afternoon 2 days later. However, I had come home and after relaxing from work, my stomach had rumbled exactly at 7:00pm, and my mind spoke to me, a voice saying "I am ready." Within the next 10 minutes I coincidently had two separate calls from friends wanting to hang out, who would both love to watch me or join me in shrooming out. Dad had a couple friends over (they were all psychonautic men in their youth, but only blaze nowadays), and my two friends had brought over other friends, totalling up to nine people in my comfortable lair of a garage. Starting at 8pm exactly I began ingesting the pungent fungus and prepared for my ascent into. well I had no idea, but would soon find out. 

8:00pm (T+0:00): I ate two adorable mushrooms waiting for everyone to arrive, at the time I was alone in the garage. Friend A and her boyfriend rolled through. A was pretty excited, she loved shrooms and was eyeballing the neatly laid out mushrooms like they were stars in the sky or something else incredible. She gave me a chubby little stem and said "Eat friend," so I promptly did so. Dad and friends came in and broke up some dank for all of us to enjoy, the rest of the group shortly arrived after. Half of the group was smoking, the other half comfortably chilling with us as well, it was an incredibly enjoyable atmosphere. I had eaten a couple more throughout the 8 o'clock hour, around 9pm my body was beginning to tingle with joy, I am a naturally charismatic and giggly person, but this was just ridiculous!

9:00pm (T+1:00): Everything is funny. The conversation, the strange old men in one corner, the youthful bunch in the other, all in a circle of chairs and couches and bongs and good times. It's getting crowded and my friends and I decided to take a walk (A's bf stayed to hang to watch sports with my dad and friends). 15 minutes later we managed to vacate the area and walk to the 7-11 and A and I ingest in a couple of mushrooms on the way there. Around 9:30 we cross the busy intersection to the 7-11, at which point I hear the beautiful roar of a powerful SRT8 Cherokee fly by, it had a very distinguishable turbocharger whistle along with it, I was amazed by the absolutely heavenly sound the beautiful piece of machinery made. 

9:30pm (T+1:30): This is when things got weird. Pictures of objects looked like heads and faces from afar, amazing halos encircled bright lights, it was dark outside so there was limited visual stimuli beyond lighting and the constant walking blocked most other tactile sensation. The walk back home was very fun, and A and I ate more mushrooms. I had eaten about half of the original purchase (I separated half from the beginning, as I am naturally inclined to share things), and there was .8 grams left over, which I had given to my other friend to try when she was home safe (for some reason she insisted on doing it alone with her bf, I thought whatever). 

~9:45pm (T+1:45): I made it a point to keep an eye on the clock solely for documentation of the event, but this proved difficult. I genuinely figured Time decided to take a lunch break and would come back later. Immediately upon sitting back down in the comfort of my garage, the world was truly alive. The couch with floral patterns began swirling into each other, creating imagery that I still cannot describe with words. My attention hungry cat unafraid of the group of people walked right up to me, I could not recognize him by sight, but by behavior I knew he was mine. This tripped me out but amongst the thousands of thoughts racing through my head, I made it a point to create a distinct safety thought that reminded me I was just trippin' on 'shrooms and I'll be back to baseline soon. "Soon. what is soon in this place." This was the turn of the key that unlocked the explosive thought immersion that this magical substance is renowned for. Concepts would blow my mind, everything was so profound, it was as if every single mystery of the world was just plain already in my skull, like it's been there already knowing all the little secrets that make life better.

10:00pm-12:00am: Mushroom land. Psychedelic trance. Fractal/aural/brilliant imagery. Rushing thoughts of enlightenment. Incredible urge to laugh so much. These were the amazing aspects that I would switch in to, my mind could only focus on one at a time, but it was like different activity booths at a fair that I could visit and switch to whichever whenever I wanted. It was like a carnival in my mind. A had came up magnificently and we were having an absolute blast reading each other's minds. It is amazing how connected one can feel to a close friend shrooming together. We may have looked like bug eyed freaks to everyone else, but we were normal friends just hanging out on a psychedelic level. We tried to play the board game Sorry, but we could only laugh at the box. I can't recall exactly when, but around 11ish we went inside and A decided to strike up a conversation with my mother, chatting at four million words per minute while I finger banged my cell phone talking to the coworker who was checking up on me. It was an adventure needless to say.

12:30am (T+4:30): Everyone else had left besides A and her bf. We had just finished smoking a very relaxing, very much needed bowl.  The mushrooms were still going strong. I had not been hungry for the entire experience, I had absolutely no appetite even though I tried eating, but it was insisted that we go to the local McD's to get food.No one should ever, ever, ever drive on any intoxicating substance, but this far into the trip I had already learned that fighting the flow of the experience would not be worth the bad vibes, so I attempted to keep a sober eye on the road as a passenger in the hands of my shroomed out friend driving. From what I saw there was no driving impairment on her end, granted she had not eaten as much as I had and she's done mushrooms before, so I can only assume (or at least imagine) she was level headed. The short road trip went smoothly (after all that wasn't the dominant trip of the night), I still couldn't eat, and they headed home shortly after coming back to my house.

1:00am (T+5:00): Playing a racing car game has never been so fun. The rushing scenery and a stylish car dangling in front of my eyes have never been so amusing. After about 15 minutes of chatting about how cool shrooms are to strangers on an internet racing game, I decided to listen to music for the first time of the night. WHY DID I NOT DO THIS BEFORE?! Oh my goodness, what a feeling. It was a synesthesic formation of music and thoughts. The bass which trembled through my Sennheiser headphones was awe-inspiring, and kept me level headed as the dark room provided no visual stimuli and I had only music and my thoughts. The weird quirks and squeals of the obscure dubstep music would potentiate various thought loops and patterns. The main drops of a song would launch me into a euphoric and enlightening rush of thoughts, but the empty pauses and transitions drove me insane, nothing to guide the ineffable enormity of my unleashed and profound thought processes. My mp3 died half an hour later, and I was left with only my thoughts to stimulate the experience.

2:00am (T+6:00): There is no such thing as sleeping on mushrooms. Not for me anyway, I figured that out as I lay in my bed for what felt like literally half of an entire day. I didn't want the experience to end solely because I didn't know when I'd get to encounter it again, but at the same time my mind would crave for new things to think about, the thought loops began growing linear and boring.

2:30am(T+6:30): Well, I feel like I've been sitting here for maybe half an hour since I looked at the clock, but I dare not look at it again. I did anyways, and to my relief it had actually been about 25-30 minutes since I last checked. My plate sized pupils had returned to their normal dimensions when I checked in the mirror, and I drifted off to a very well deserved, very serene night's rest.

Conclusion: This is exactly what I've been looking for. This is worth all of the time spent searching, inquiring, and whining about getting a hold of this magical substance. It was a pleasant experience; however I would suggest making sure you take them early enough in the day so you can rest on your normal sleep schedule.

##EROWID_NOTE:DO_NOT_DRIVE##