First off, I'm going to give a little bit on my previous drug experiences: When I was younger, I was really against doing any kind of drugs at all, until I found out that my best friend smoked weed. We started smoking together and, for about two years, I never even thought about doing other drugs. Then my friend (the same one) pulled out a bag of mushrooms on my 18th birthday and we spent the entire day tripping in the woods. I enjoyed it quite a bit and it got me interested in trying out other naturally occurring psychedelics. I did mushies a few more times that year and also tried salvia (horrible experience). 

But then, while looking through books at a library I stumbled across a book called 'DMT: the Spirit Molecule' and I ended up skimming through the book quite a few times. Having never heard of this before, my interest in this drug became one of pure fascination. After enough research, I decided that I would wait quite a while to try this drug, if I was going to try it at all. A few months go by and I run into an old friend who asks me "want to buy some dreams?". I knew that this had to mean DMT, and I wasn't sure if I was ready to try it, but I also wasn't sure if I would be able to get some again for a really long time. So I got some, but I didn't smoke it right away. I waited a couple weeks to try it with a close friend from college. 

Eventually, the time came to smoke the stuff so my friend and I got up in the morning, packed a layer of weed into a bubbler, poured about .2 grams of the DMT crystals over the weed, and then put a fat layer of bud over the top of the crystals to help avoid burning them too quickly. Now, before, I was very skeptical about trying this, but right before we smoked it, I cleared my mind and thought "whatever, I already bought this, I'm going to smoke it, I might as well get the most out of this experience. Nothing bad will come of this (unlike salvia)" I have a very calm and passive personality and tend to 'go with the flow' which I think helped me to have the experience that I did. So we set up some lawn chairs outside in my yard which is completely surrounded by woods. We sit down and start taking rips off of the bubbler, being careful not to touch the flame directly to the weed/crystals. I managed to take 3 good hits before my mind was ready to blast off. 

I closed my eyes and immediately started visualizing hundreds of swirling floral patterns surrounding me. They were very colorful, but not with colors that I have ever seen. My face felt like it was divided into three or four different layers, each layer moving in a different direction, in a different way, at a different speed. Then the floral patterns opened up revealing an infinite space made of warping planes of energy. In what appeared to be the center of this vast space, was an entity made entirely of energy and looked like it was engulfed in green flame. It sort of felt like this thing had been waiting for me. It had no facial features, but its chest and head was shaped like that of a human. Its torso went down and wrapped around and disappeared into what looked like what I imagine the inverse of a black hole might look like. It was impossible to determine the size of this entity and how far away it was from me. It seemed to be focusing its attention at the point where I was "existing" and communicated to me, without talking, "Let Me Show You Something". It then proceeded to lift some sort of energy appendage to my face and I felt it grab the innermost layer of my face and it felt like it started feeding me with some type of energy. Instantly the floral patterns returned except they were much more intense and had much more spacial depth than before. Everything got super intense and very bright and all of a sudden I felt the entity let go of my face and I was placed very gently back in reality. 

I sat up, looked over at my friend just as he came back, and we both had looks of awe on our faces. I smoked the best cigarette of my life and then spent the next hour or two trying to convey some essence of my trip into drawings. 

Very good experience over all.