About three seconds after being asked if I wanted more, I took off. The room didn't shake so much as explode. Never in my life could I have comprehended the possibility of seeing what I did. After all the reading, be it Pinchbeck or McKenna, nothing could have truthfully prepared me for that. It hit me like a train. The effect takes on so quickly that it would be irresponsible to not have a bed, chair, or soft surface to fall back onto.

The taste, by the time I picked up the taste I had already turned the ignition and floored it. The seemingly real world remained but I was not a part of it. All I knew was that I chose to experience the whole ordeal. It was as if I was occupying some sort of alternate space full of impossible shapes. The vibrancy of colors was beyond comparison; triangles green red orange purple and blue forming pinwheels and spirals revolving all over wherever the hell I was, a full-fledged kaleidoscope.

The first trip was so intense that I could not fathom whether my eyes were open or not. Talking definitely dulls the trip, but I wouldn't say it kills it all together. One thing for sure is that the presence of a friend tripping with me enhances the experience; I had a good friend sort of showing me the way, I took a few hits and as I fell back he took his. Outside the room I could hear voices of people I knew, they were going out to the over-crowded bar full of undesirables and I sort of judged them for that, but at the same time I felt judged knowing that they knew what I was getting at on the other side of that particle board door. The thought of someone looking in on me who was not going through the explosive reality I was in truly made me feel self conscious because I then tried to tell myself that I was doing something wrong, that it was not real even though it all was. It's a dream while you're awake.

When I finally came back into my own and opened my eyes the room looked odd. There was a sort of filter over my vision, it reminded me of that blue-ish hue to those animated Tim Burton movies. Making out objects in the room made sense but they just looked differently than normal. The only words I could come up with were brief and did not reach much further than "Wow what just happened".

I don't think it's all that bad to trip, perhaps I just want to justify it to myself but it's not about getting f***ed up. What's more is that I began to think, the whole trip my mind was in its normal state and for that I wouldn't call the trip inebriation. Instead my eyes, or eye, created the shift. Consciousness. It really does alter. I can't say that this made me think of things I've never come up with before, but it made me prioritize (partially but not life altering). I absolutely intend to delve back into that realm and see what else I can pull out of it. I will leave off that it was both frightening and enjoyable all at the same time.