##EROWID_NOTE:LSD_QUANTITY_QUESTION##

My first (long-awaited) encounter occurred last night, taken with a friend.  The dosage was reckoned to be about 200-260 ug each.  As preparation, I remained caffeine and alcohol free all week prior to our experiment.  

We took the blotters in the morning, about 10:30am, as we knew from reading about it that it would last about 8 hours or so and didn't want to be falling asleep through taking it in the evening, not being particularly rock n roll. We ate a light breakfast beforehand.  We put the blotters under our tongues for 1/4 hour and then swallowed them, settling down with a quality episode of Star Trek while waiting for the fun to begin.  

Half an hour later, I started to feel the effects - a slight urge to smile and fidget, colours looking a little brighter, a need to move around.

Which we did, and went out into the yard to look at the trees there, which were starting to look interesting.  Unfortunately it was a cold and wet day, and not ideal for sitting there.  We put music on in the house but didn't feel like sitting inside, as we both felt that we wanted to be closer to nature.  So we walked to the public gardens, where we happily spent the next 6 hours, shuffling round and 'wowwing' at all the plants, looking at them in the greatest detail.

The effects were milder than expected.  I had expected a major freakout, possible big hallucinations, possibly even the urge to see if I could fly.  Nothing of the sort occurred.  There was one point where the visuals in the garden turned very interesting, sort of like a bubbly wave effect.  It was like the main part of the image was relatively normal, but blocks around the outside were zooming into focus in a circular fashion, with parts of the centre bubbling randomly into sharper focus.  I was thinking then that if this hit any heavier I might have difficulty appearing normal.  Luckily this didn't last long.  The trees looked like a Japanese Zen Garden.  The design of flowers was fascinating to both of us.  I didn't feel I needed to be with my friend all the time, but as the garden had the appearance of massively increasing in size, I found it very comforting to see that she was close by.  

After many laps of the garden, 6 hours had passed and the effects were wearing off, with scenery still pleasing to the eye but the desire to inspect everything disappearing.  We walked back to the house.  

The only adverse effect I noticed (my friend didn't) was a very dry mouth for the rest of the evening.  No negative effects the day after, just a nice calm, relaxed feeling.

Overall, this experience was and wasn't what I expected.  It was in the sense that it was similar to substances that I'd taken before which I had thought would be like it.  The visuals were close to those on mushrooms, but I felt calmer, as if I had taken an E, without the nausea that usually accompanies mushrooms for me.  I didn't find I thought much, there were no great insights.  Pleasantly, there was no paranoia.

It wasn't what I expected in the sense that there were no big hallucinations, no urge to fly, to run screaming from the garden straight into the nearest psychiatric hospital, or to effect a massive lifestyle change - all of which media reports tend to hint at.  No urge to start a '60s revival revolution occurred, although we did think that perhaps we should embrace our approaching middle age and go to gardens more often.  Perhaps the most startling revelation was that we were turning into our parents...

Have I made this sound boring?  It wasn't, it was very enjoyable, and a peaceful, happy way to spend a day.