I am writing this to give my first time experience with LSD. A little about me, I am a 21 year old college male. Prior to this event, I am very familiar with cannabis, have smoked Spice product once, and salvia once. I am also a regular consumer of alcohol. I used to take 100mg of Zoloft every morning, but had stopped about 35-40 days ago. I have been looking for LSD for about 3 months prior and had no luck. I finally found some and purchased 20 blotter tabs.

I initially wanted to trip 4 days before but due to a personal experience that left me in a stressed and anxious state of mind, I put it off, not wanting to fuel any possible bad experiences during the trip. I believed that proved to be a very wise decision.

I set the trip date to be the day after my last final of the semester. I worked for 4 hours that morning and then headed over to my girlfriend's house. She would be my sitter for the trip. She has no experience with LSD and has only smoked cannabis and Spice product.

About 5 minutes before I ingested, I ate a banana. At 12:33pm I placed 2 tabs under my tongue. I kept them under my tongue for about 15 minutes then swallowed them. The taste was metallically as many people say. Only about 4 hours into my trip did I realize that the taste was as if you had a mouthful of blood. For about 45 minutes after I swallowed the tabs, drinking water would give me a rust taste in my mouth. After about 45 minutes, this experience went away and water tasted fine.

The first effects I noticed were about 45 minutes in when I went to pee. (Side note, I'm not sure how common this is, but for the duration of my trip, I had to pee constantly). As I was peeing, my stomach started to get upset. I had read that eating before a trip can cause this, so I attributed it to the banana I ate. My stomach would consistently be uncomfortable for about the first 3 or 4 hours of the trip. Lying down with my eyes closed seemed to help. Also while I was peeing, my first hallucinating experiences occurred. The towels in the bathroom began to slightly wiggle, even though there was no draft or air movement in the bathroom. Also, the rug in front of the toilet began to have various faces and pictures appear. When I left the bathroom, I went out to the living room and laid on the couch and listened to Calf Mountain Jam (a band that plays long jam songs, similar to the Grateful Dead). The music was very relaxing and I began to slip into a state of happiness. On the tv screen, my girlfriend has some sort of screen saver thing that has various nature pictures pop up. I stared at these for a while and noticed a bunch of faces and pictures within the mountains and streams on the pictures. When a picture would come up, things would sprout from the bottom of the image like grass growing.

About an hour in, I had made this note in a journal: "I feel empty, but when I touch my body it just appears. Like my body isn't real. My body is everywhere but nowhere at once. I always thought that was just expressions, but once you experience it, it's very real. Worth checking out." As I as lying there, I felt like I wasn't really there and was just a soul, no real physical features, just being. Once I touched my body though, it all appeared and I became a physical being. While this is happening, my girlfriend is in her room cleaning and smoking some cannabis from a pipe.

Once Calf Mountain Jam ends, I get up and change it to the Grateful Dead and again just relax on the couch. About 30 minutes into the album I get up to eat another banana. The texture was fantastic and I was a little upset that it was my last one. After I ate the banana, I grabbed a bag of grapes and went to my girlfriend's room and just hung out in there with her, Grateful Dead still playing in the background. Walking began to feel different. The boards of the hardwood floor began to feel hollow and like they were made of Styrofoam. For about the next hour, I would just be walking around the house. Her stove has a big handle on it, and at one point I remember walking by it and out of the corner of my eye, it began to spin around, but once I looked at it, it stopped. I would randomly get bursts of color in my vision, kind of like sunspots, but not uncomfortable in any way. Eventually I retreated back to lying on the couch and listening to music. I began to experience the music in a way I never had before. I could see the sound. I am not a synesthetic of this nature (I do naturally see dates and numbers in a consistent pattern), so I began to appreciate what it is like for some people to see sound. It wasn't just colors I would see; I could just physically see the sounds. There is no real way to describe this without experiencing yourself.

About 2.5 hours into my trip, I made my last journal entry: "Everything is inside itself. What was 30 minutes ago feels like a different life. Time is life." Time seemed to be moving slower than it does when you are sober, and I realized that 30 minutes ago isn't just the past in your life, it is a different life. I tried explaining this to my girlfriend, but to no avail.

She and I then went to her backyard to let her dog pee. We ended up sitting in the open field while the dog ran around and rolled in the grass. This is when I first noticed that everything I look at, I get lost in. I wouldn't think about what I was looking at or really even comprehend what I was looking at. I would just stare and get lost in the objects. The mountains in the background suddenly weren't mountains, they were ordinary beings, no different than you or I. There was no such thing as mountains, or trees, or dogs, or grass. We sat there for about 20 minutes and then she decided she was sober enough to drive, so we drove to an open meadow about 20 minutes away to walk her dog. I was really anticipating this as I had wanted to get out of the house and experience more of the world while on LSD. As we drove, I noticed the trees on the side of the road began to have happy faces. Not like a generic smiley face, but just various faces of all shapes and sizes that were happy and watching us. While we walked the dog, I ended up getting a rope burn from the dogs leash that really burned. Physically it burned, but mentally it also hurt. We headed back to her house to get it cleaned up and soothed so it wouldn't burn anymore.

On the car ride back, at one point the trees on the side of the road became 2D and folded in on themselves, as if they were a picture inside a greeting card that got closed. However, by the time I could physically see this, it went away and looked normal. I realized that my mental eye made it happen, and it did really happen, but once I physically went to see it, my mental eye changed it back, keeping a step ahead of my physical eye. This was the only time I would experience this phenomenon.

After I got my burn cleaned up, my girlfriend and I went back out and walked around downtown. This was about 4.75 hours into my trip. We ended up at a local all-natural food store run by an 80 year old hippie couple. We looked around for about 15 minutes and then left. While walking on the sidewalk, I began to feel as if I was walking on clouds, but once I used the word walking, the feeling of walking disappeared and I began to float. We then just walked around for a little bit and ended up at a pizza place to get some dinner. While we were eating, a guy I met who wanted to by a half-sheet was texting me asking me to pick it up for him since my dealer didn't know him and wouldn't sell it to him directly. I spent about an hour coordinating a pick up point for the money and LSD, which made me very anxious and stressed since both my girlfriend and I just wanted to go home and have a relaxing evening. At about 7pm we got the money and made the switch. I felt like an entire weight had been lifted off my shoulders and I could now relax. I was also starting to come down; I wasn't hallucinating very much anymore and was just slipping into a state of euphoria. We got home and watched The Invention of Lying. At about 8pm I had a beer, and around 9pm I had a second beer. Nothing to get me drunk or feel any drunk effects, just enough to give me a relaxed buzz, that I was surprised to actually feel given the state I was in. While we watched she took two more hits from her pipe. Once the movie ended, she went to her room to watch another movie on her computer. All I wanted to do was lay on the couch and relax and listen to my all-time favorite album, Sublime's self-titled album. As I laid there I began to feel happier and happier and the effects slowly diminished into the night. About 10 hours into the trip, I became extremely exhausted and just wanted to sleep. I started to get a bit of a headache, which I wasn't sure if it was due to being mentally drained, or just because I hadn't drank much water during the day, even though I kept peeing. I peed one last time before I went to bed, and realized that peeing feels like I am in a dream. I began to wonder if I would wake up any minute and realize it wasn't real.

At about2am my headache got so bad that my girlfriend had to run out to get some Advil. When I woke up the next morning, my headache was gone and I had gotten the best sleep I have had in a long time.

Overall, my experience was extremely good and I will definitely trip again. I will up the dosage to 3 hits next time to get more of a trip. Throughout the experience, I wasn't nearly as incoherent as I anticipated and was able to completely function, except I realized there was no way I would be able to drive a car. Walking through downtown, though, and talking to people was no problem. This trip was not life changing, but it did open up my mind to experiences and thoughts I had never had before.

Summed up, I think a text I sent my friend who had always wanted to try LSD but never had says it best, "Everything was just beautiful and happy and euphoric." I look forward to my next trip.