For those who don't know what vaginismus is: "a condition that affects a woman's ability to engage in any form of vaginal penetration, [...] the result of a reflex of the pubococcygeus muscle, which is sometimes referred to as the 'PC muscle'. The reflex causes the muscles in the vagina to tense suddenly, which makes any kind of vaginal penetration—including sexual intercourse—painful or impossible." Source: wikipedia

I have always suffered from this condition. Sex was always painful in the beginning and the area would become swollen and extremely painful after a few minutes. I used to blame it on my former and current partners' penis size, but that really has nothing to do with it. I have not had any trauma, I am open about sex, I have a very loving partner with whom I have had great experiences, so it made no sense to me.

I only take birth control pills, and ibuprofen whenever I have migraines, which does happen quite often. They are the ones called 'aura migraines', I get some visual disturbances sometimes before the attack, I feel nauseous and have problems speaking, and I sometimes even vomit because of the pain. I haven't found a way to remedy that yet. However, I did manage to fix another health issue I have and I never thought I could do that, so I am optimistic about it. :)

I am not *recommending* to anyone to take any drug. However, this is my experience with MDMA.
 
I took half of a dose of MDMA with some close friends - it was a very pleasant and loving experience. We all hugged and kissed and had a great time together. In the beginning it felt very strange, I was very dizzy and extremely sensitive to loud sounds and lights - I was afraid to have a seizure considering my migraines, but after only a couple of minutes I felt great and peaceful. When I got home with my partner, we tried having sex and I was amazed by the fact that it didn't hurt at all. I did feel some slight discomfort at the beginning but that is all.

I am writing this 2 months later and things have changed only in better. Even though I still feel some discomfort at the initial penetration, after a couple of minutes things are just perfect. I never expected this to happen and I cannot express how good it is to finally have great sex sessions without any worries.

There is so much more to this drug than we know. I wish they would make some more tests about it, it could probably help a lot of people.

Thank you for taking the time to read my experience.