##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

I just came down from what will for now and ever more be the most absolutely terrifying experience of my life. I've been using DMT for a long time now. It's fantastic stuff. Blows all the other designer drugs out of the water. This is by no means a deterrent to experiencing this amazing chemical. It's simply a word of caution. Yes. I'm probably very foolish for repetitive use. Yes, I should have given myself time to recover. All irrelevant points.

I finished playing Diablo 3 for the night. I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and laid down to what would become my tomb of inexplicable horror for the next Five hundred billion years (Time is pretty fucked up on this drug, work with me here).

Loaded my pipe, took several lung bursting inhales, and laid back to what I assumed would be a blast off ride to the stars. No such luck.

Let's pause. I love DMT. It's my favorite thing ever. The body high is unrivaled. The visuals are astounding. The sense of wonder and sheer size is gaflounding (yes, I made up a word. It's awesome. Deal with it.) I shout its praises from mountaintops of gold drizzled in thick milk chocolate....

Yeah, it's that good.

So of course, I overindulge occasionally. I acquired a gram recently. I was excited. I've broken through every night since. One can see where this story is starting to take an obvious downturn.

Back to the horror;

My blanket was a screaming banshee of absolute horror and dispair. My charming little bedside light became a judge of unfathomable power within a court of terrifying injustice. My whole being was disassembled and brou-

Ok. You get the picture.

In summary. DMT is the fucking tits. The best tits I've ever seen multiplied by a factor of infinity.

I've seen all the horrors eternity can offer. And somehow, I'm glad. How can I fear the cute girl at the bar when I've been emotionally throttled by the force of a thousand dying suns? How can I stand in awkward dissolution at a party? How can I function on the level of true 'sanity' this society has to offer when fear has been virtually eliminated from my vocabulary?

I can't. I fucking can't. And it feels amazing.

I have a hard-on for life that a lumberjack couldn't slice, and I'm on my way to fuck the world like the silly whore she is.

Careful out there guys.