DMT the Lowdown

While looking for a supply of Molly (MDMA), I happened to come across the drug DMT, which my friend explained to me as a religious experience of a trip. Being the curious person I am, I decided to buy about .3, or approximately forty dollars' worth. 

My first encounter with DMT took place in my car, where my dealer/friend and I sprinkled the brown, sugar-like substance between layers of some strong purp. Maybe two minutes after the two of us began smoking,  he began to shout nonsense about Aztecs out the window of my car. While he proceeded with his attempt to convince me that my carpet was 'the aztec's fault', I began to stare out the open window, where majestic white horses were galloping cross-country. I am not kidding. Very soon after, the trees around us began to shake and patterns of birds began to fly forth from them.

After our first trip settled, my other friend and newly designated  driver drove my friend home and then drove her and me to our other friend's house,  where we intended to finish off the DMT. Upon arrival, she and I almost immediately packed the DMT into a bowl. This was when, I must note,  her entire house and everything  within began to smell like ass, to put it nicely. However, that's beside the point. After my second round with DMT, the smoke of which I held in for a much longer time, the shadows cast on the ceiling by a nearby lamp began to sway and form unusually geometric patterns for this normally free-form-casting lamp. About a minute into my staring at the ceiling, a fish came into my view of the shadows. Although this fish was most definitely not there in reality, I felt convinced for a good minute that it was indeed there. 

After three experimentations with the drug in a three hour period, I felt very exhausted. It should be noted that after each high wore off, there was a pleasant after-high that was not the result of the marijuana. Each of us felt very relaxed and at peace with ourselves, despite the nauseous ass smell filling the air. 

We took turns smoking a whole bowl each. While one friend was high, the others didn't bother them: this is the kind of trip where I just wanted to sit by myself,  while I enjoyed the wonders the drug presented. Also,  the smell is putrid. 