I have a lot of experience with marijuana, and a little with grey area drugs like salvia and nitrous, but this was my first experience with a full blown hallucinogen.

I boiled down two feet of cactus on on Friday night. I fasted Friday afternoon and Saturday morning, drinking only water, apple juice and milk. I ended up with about a litre of foul smelling liquid that is about the consistency of snot, and I managed to choke it down. It was gross, but I had no nausea, and I didn't come close to vomiting.

My girlfriend volunteered to stay with me the entire time. 

The effects didn't come on slowly, the came on quick and suddenly, like someone had beat me over the head with a hammer. After watching TV for a few more minutes, I started to have sex with my girlfriend. It was of the up most importance that we have sex. That is the only reason, biologically, we exist. After a while, my sex drive diminished, and I made my girlfriend promise me that she wasn't a werewolf. I don't know why I would think she was a werewolf, but at the time it seemed like a very real danger.

I sat down at a typewriter and wrote the following, 'Houses that heal themselves,' 'These keys are so large,' and 'The corner is square, but corners can't be square. How can a corner be square.' followed by, 'There was supposed to be a ? :) 21st Century.'

It was sunny. I wanted to go outside. This was of the up most importance. I began to get dressed. I gave my girlfriend all my money, my wallet, and my phone. I felt that I was not in a position to have any means of communication. Again, I think my exact words were, this was of the 'Up most importance.' She asked if I wanted to go for a walk, but no, I wanted to go for a long drive. We decided to drive to a take out we both like in a rural area.

Before we left she showed me a bunch of Queen videos, and Queen has become one of my favourite bands as a result. I am glad she didn't show me Justin Beiber videos. I may have become a Jusitn Beiber fan.

She suggested that I take a 32-page exercise book and a pen. Throughout the day I filled out the entire exercise book in an attempt to unravel the universe. My main concerns were: 

-If something happens and nobody knows about, did it actually happen? For example, if humans ever became extinct, and there was no one else in the universe watching us, did we ever actually exist?

-Can anything outside the present exist? Do the past and future exist? 

-Are we just meat?

-And finally the idea that we're the main characters of our own story, but we're only minor characters in everyone else's.

As I got outside, the world struck me as very dirty. Minor imperfections in everything, rust chips of paint, etc. became very obvious and noticeable. We got in the car and hit the highway. 

After a while, the car began to backfire, and the check engine light came on. To me, the car was screaming for help. He was going to die. It was of the up most importance that we got off the highway, so as a result, we had an hour long drive to get to the takeout. At the time I figured that highways were for crazy people anyway. Why would you ever need to go that fast?

We got there, got some food, fed the seagulls, and then headed for home. The fact that most of the seagulls were maimed in some way because they kill each other for food really bothered me. 'What,' I thought, 'Is the difference between a seagull and a human? How can we let this happen?' All the while I was filling out this exercise book.

They next day I had bad hand cramps. 

All in all I'd summarize the experience like this, I felt like I had the universe cornered. Like I had it all figured out. When I tried to grab a hold of it, the universe would slip through my fingers, which would just raise further questions.