It was the second week of summer vacation when my friend Jake, who had already tried mushrooms once before, brought up doing shrooms again. I had always been curious about the actual effects of mushrooms, and after reading countless trip reports online I knew I had to try them. Neither of my other friends Max and Steve needed to be convinced to try them either, so we bought three eighths (10.5 grams) of gold caps (so he claimed) from a very trusted source. Jake would take a whole eighth and us first timers were taking a half eighth each with one half eighth leftover. Since I had paid the most money, I was given the extra shrooms. I couldn't decide which to do so I had roughly ¾ of an eighth. With these extra shrooms, I could be choosey and pick out all the caps first and leave most of the stems.
 
We ate them at noon before we started our hike at a nearby state park, with only water to get the taste out of ours mouths. As we began hiking I felt a nervous excitement, but I was with three very good friends and we were surrounded by nature, which was a great setting for my first time. We stopped after fifteen minutes of hiking and smoked a couple bowls of cannabis at a beautiful view where we found a lot of strange art that someone had left there. As I stared into the distance I watched an endless view of trees all seeming to sway in uniform with the wind. I was able to focus in on individual trees and their limbs all swaying together as well. I began giggling as soon as I realized that this was from the mushrooms and not the bud.

As the shrooms came over me, I could feel that they gave a much stronger body high than I was expecting. We left the view after we began feeling the shrooms; only Max was not feeling anything yet. We continued hiking but soon realized that we didn't bring nearly enough water for four people on a four-hour walk. My friend Jake vomited which immediately made me think of my nausea. We immediately walking began back down the hill to look for a waterspout to fill out bottles. Steve and Jake wanted to stop and take break, but it was so hot that I would momentarily feel as if I was going to dye of thirst. We had been hiking for less than an hour and I was already beginning to feel extremely uncomfortable.

As we sat in the tall grass, I was too distracted to pay attention to my friends' conversation. I was playing around with a long blade of grass, and began feeling the seed attached to the end of it. I noticed it slightly resembled the body of a bee. I closed my eyes and as soon as I imagined a bee, I felt a strong vibration go through my hands as if I was holding on to a live buzzing bee. "Wow", I loudly exclaimed. My eyes opened in shock to see that I was still holding on to the same small seed. My friends laughed, it was obvious that I was feeling much stronger effects than anyone else, but I was beginning to feel very uncomfortable.
 
I urged my friends to keep on hiking to find more water, so we left out spot and moved back onto the larger trails. As I would look off into the distance, I would be distracted by the bright colors of the golden grass, the perfectly clear sky, and the far away hills. I would glance off to the side of the trail and see a beautiful little clearing, or patch of wild flowers. I remember thinking over and over; "This is so picture perfect someone NEEDS to paint this." We finally began walking alongside a small stream, which did ease my mind, but I was still extremely thirsty.

On the more popular trails, we would be forced to walk right by people going the opposite way. I tried to calm myself down and act normal, but as the hikers would come closer and closer, it would become difficult to contain my laughter. Every time we would walk by another group of people I would explode with giggles and make a fool of myself. On top of that, as we would be walking away, Max would yell, "I'm high on shrooms," which would make me, laugh even harder.

I was extremely happy and relieved when we finally found a waterspout. The spout was kind of broken, and as soon as we turned it on, water sprayed out all over us. The sensation of the cold water touching my skin on such a hot day felt so intensely good that it almost felt uncomfortable. We all filled out bottles and went right back up the trail we had just come down from. I was feeling much better, and if I ever would have an uncomfortable thought I would just press the cool bottle of water to my face and immediately feel better.

About two hours after we consumed our mushrooms, Max and I were exhausted, but Jake and Steve said they were full of energy and wanted to continue hiking. We decided we would split up and meet again at 4:00 PM at the very first view we had stopped at. Now it was just Max and I. We ventured off the trail to find a spot to lie down and listen to some music. I pulled out my ipod and speakers and began to play some of my favorite songs. There were songs that I had heard many times before, but when I listened to them on mushrooms, they would sound like in a way I had never heard them before. It sounded unfamiliar, but in a very good way. As if I was hearing the song for the first time, but still knew the important cues and changes in the song.

We sat in the grass, only about twenty feet off the trail, rocking out to all sorts of music from Justice to Bob Marley to Pink Floyd. I would still get nervous every time someone would walk along the trail. I knew they would hear music coming from off the trail, and see two guys in the grass laughing and acting like fools. Soon after I stopped being so worried about other people and just started to enjoy myself. I examined my jar of weed. The weed was such a dark shade of purple with countless trichomes covering every part of it. As I looked closer, I saw how beautiful of a flower cannabis can be. I lay back in the grass and pressed what was left in my water bottle to my face. As I closed my eyes and felt the cool water, I imagined freeways full of cars, tightly packed in traffic. I thought about how many people drag themselves to and from there boring jobs daily, just so they can be somewhat happy. I laughed at this thought, because I had found happiness so easily compared to many others, and it was because I had consumed something that the earth itself created.

I opened my eyes and found myself staring at the sky, not knowing how long I had been in my mini trance. I sat up and saw a lady walking nearby on the trail. She stopped and seemed to stand perfectly still as I tried to focus my vision on her, and not the swaying grass and trees. She was very out of focus, but I could see her standing perfectly still, as if she was meditating or something. After seeing this, I said to Max, "She came out here to do the exact same thing we are doing. She MUST be on shrooms too." We both laughed at this thought until I realized she was talking on the phone. 

Immediately I thought that she was calling the cops after seeing how messed up the two of us were. She soon left and Max checked the time. It was 3:00, so we decided to start hiking again. We then reached the very first view we had stopped at, and began to examine all of the art that had been left there. I found several pots with Hindu symbols painted on them. The symbol seemed to have so much meaning at the time, as if it were destiny that had brought me there.  We then found a tree with small trinkets and pieces of art hanging from each little branch. Max and I stood on top of a rock beneath the tree so our heads were in the branches and we were surround be brightly covered fake jewels and ribbons. We began to take down the trinkets that we found most fascinating, and began wearing them on our arms and around our necks.
 
We sat and stared at the view some more as our shrooms started wearing off. I wasn't tripping too hard anymore, but my thoughts were still racing. It felt like I was having so many great ideas that I couldn't focus on any one of them. I would begin one sentence, and immediately start another before I could finish my thought.  Around 4:30 PM we could hear Steve and Jake coming down the trail. I was exhausted but it felt nice for our group to be back together again. We smoked a couple last bowls at our view and began walking back down the hill. As we got farther down, Max and I began to notice the stupid looking necklaces and bracelets that we were wearing, and remembered how amazing we thought they looked just a half hour before. 

Overall, the trip was very intense. There was some negativity towards the beginning, but after we got water my trip was very positive. Mushrooms are definitely not what I expected them to be, but I was not at all disappointed with my experience.