OK this is something that I wrote right after my trip. I didn't write it as a trip report, I just wanted to sum up the experience very briefly for myself to remember later. As you'll see, there isn't any mention of any specific activity or event - I am trying to analyze the internal effect of the drug.

Therefore, I will give you some important background information:
Set: This was about my 6th time taking acid. I'm starting to feel more comfortable with the drug each time, although there's always a lot of fear and madness during the strong trips, I see it as part of the experience, and I think I'm handling it well enough. I didn't sleep enough before tripping, and dropped at around 4:30AM, with an empty stomach and a bit tired to begin with. It's also worth noting that I've been reading Tim Leary's 'The Psychedelic Experience' and believe there's a lot of truth in it.

Setting: An outdoor rave (in Israel, where I'm from) with a couple of good friends I usually drop with. A lot of strangers, a lot of mess, a lot of noise. But we have some experience with these events and we put up a good tent, places to sit, cold drinks, etc. We dropped right before sunrise and after a couple of hours it got pretty hot.
Dosage: We used a very reliable blotter that's been running around in Europe for a few years, called 'Dalai Lama'. I used it a few times before, and it was always about the same potency - Strong. I gathered from a few sources that it should be around 200-250 mics, and I'm really confident it's pretty accurate, even though I'm no expert. This is my 2nd time dropping a whole 'Dalai Lama' at once. ##EROWID_NOTE:LSD_QUANTITY_QUESTION## 

Timing: I originally didn't write a timeline, because I didn't focus on it during the trip and it wasn't of great importance to me. However, as I'm turning this into a report, I will try to estimate because it might be important for some readers. but note that ALL TIME ESTIMATES ARE VERY ROUGH AND MIGHT BE COMPLETELY OFF!

So, there it is, the stages of my latest LSD experience:

1. [+0:30] I think I might be seeing some colours different than usual, but not sure. Perhaps thoughts start to feel a bit different, too?

2. [+1:00] OK this is getting a bit more interesting. A faint vibration climbing in waves from the stomach upwards, and some visual movement trails.

3. [+1:30] The vibrations get stronger. They start opening the gates of pure amazement, at times nervous psychosis. I feel the tension building up - something extremely important and dramatic is about to explode on reality. Everything I fix my eyes on would start breathing or shivering.

4. [+2:00] Reality is ripping at the seams. Disintegrating. I can recognize what I'm seeing around me, but as I jitter with madness, it just FEELS like everything I've learned about the laws of reality, how things are defined, how they work, is no longer relevant. Nothing is as I thought it was, from the very basics. Time almost stops and each moment seems like the big bang in its importance and magnitude. Then restlessness. How do I deal with this?? Just keep breathing deeply and smile... Communication is, sometimes, almost impossible. Every single word has infinite meanings, and it's hard to put up a sentence that will be comprehensible to others. I start trying, but then forget basic words, and eventually can't follow my own speech. Or I do it right, but my friends completely misinterpret it.

5. [+2:30] A long period of enlightenment or paranoia, immersion with experience or being completely confused by it... The present keeps trying to push its own urgency in my face. Jitter, jitter, jitter. Losing myself in my own crazy mind loops. A need to move or wander around. Keep receiving new data, new places, new new new... I don't get very strong visuals as expected. I always imagined things would change shape, distort, etc... But I get no significant visuals unless I fix my eyes on something static for a few seconds, and then I kinda zoom into the tiny details and my mind drifts into this pixelated fractal vision.

6. [+5:30] At some point I know it is starting to loosen up. Everything still feels new, but not as intense, and more controllable. Then sometimes it gives me a slap in the face with brief sharp rises. But it's nice being able to grasp SOME part of reality in a calm way. Opens up doors for exploration... I can now transmit and receive so much through language. One word can be enough to convey the essence of a whole idea.

7. [+8:00] Slowly, slowly, slowly, normal perception is restored. Music is still being heard differently. Bass is so important! Certain strong colours can still welcome me.

8. [+12:00] Afterglow. I can now do everything I normally can, pretty much. Calm, loving, and thankful. Go to sleep (at around +22:00).

9. [+36:00] Why the fuck was I so weird yesterday? How can everything be so extremely normal again?