It was a Friday. I was a Junior in High School. The end of the school year was upon me and my friends at the time. Now first of all,  the guys I did this with were two of my best friends since we were very young. We had only been experiencing with drugs for the past 3-4 years. I was mostly just a stoner and smoked weed every day. However, they had been talking to me about trying mushrooms for a while and I felt kind of iffy about it but was very curious.

I had not planned on tripping on this day. I didn't know I was going to do it until about 4 hours before. I had money and they were picking up mushrooms. They offered to have me stay the night and trip with them. I felt nervous to answer, but ended up saying yes. So I handed them my money and went and got them. As soon as we got to my friends house, it was around 10:30 at night. They scaled out my share and gave it to me. It was my first trip, so I only took 1.6-1.7g. They both chomped down on their mushrooms with no hesitation. I had them in my hand just thinking to myself if this is a bad idea. They told me I didn't have to do them if I didn't want to but after a few silent moments, I carelessly put them in my mouth and started chewing. We then sat down and had drank lots of lemonade and orange juice to make the tripper last longer I think. We then of course smoked some weed to get a little buzzed as we entered the trip. We sat in his garage and just sat and spoke to each other. We spoke of how we thought the night was going to turn out. About 45 min. had passed since I took the mushrooms and I started to feel the trip beginning.

The very first thing I noticed that let me know I had started tripping was a can of pepsi sitting next to me. For some reason, I began to study the can of pepsi for a what seemed like hours but was really only about a minute or two. I was putting together many thoughts about why the can was there and why I loved drinking it so much. I thought everything about it. I wondered about every little detail on the can of pepsi. My friend anthony then snapped me out of it by calling out my name a few times. He asked me if I was tripping yet. I then began uncontrollably laughing and smiling. Of course they started to giggle and laugh with me. After sitting in the grage for another 20 minutes, we went inside and watched The Wall. 

As we sat and watched the movie, obviously all my active thoughts related to what was going on in the movie. It has some of the most bizarre and strange moments I had ever seen in any movie. As I watched the movie with wonder and amazment, I noticed my friend was sitting right next to me. I hadn't even noticed him before. I then began to start laughing and laughing. Throughout the movie, my friends were playing tricks and making funny faces just to freak me out. They made faces that made me go nuts. Not seriously, but it my first trip so the hallucinations freaked me out a little. After the movie, I stood up and felt extremely drowsy and dyzy. I walked around his house over and over just thinking about everything I looked at. Everything I looked at was changing colors and changing shape and I was just mezmerized by it all. I had a very good time. Some of the most joy and happiness I had ever experienced. By now it was about 2 hours into the trip. But then something happened that ruined the whole rest of my trip.
	
After I was finished wondering around, I decided to chill out for a bit and make some small talk. We spoke much about some morphine pills they had on them. Some kid had just given them to us earlier that day. We dicided to flush them after some debate. But as my friend reached in his pocket, he realized they were gone. He told us he coudn't find them and that we need to find them right away. At first I was okay. Still in an okay mind set. I began looking for the pills. But after about 5 minutes of looking, I thought about what it would be like to have a bad trip. I mean, all up until now I was having a good trip so I just started wondering how bad it would be to have a bad trip. I know this is one of the worst things to think about while tripping but I thought about it hard.

Shortly afterwards, I felt myself leave reality. I entered this state of nothing but fear and anxiety. I still don't even know why this happened. I don't what I was afraid of. But I was afraid. I was so afraid that I ran into his living room and jumped on the bed and hid under the blankets. I knew right away that I didn't like this feeling. So I wanted to try and sleep it off. But every time I tried to sleep, my fear would scare me out of it. At first I began to get angry. I just wanted to fall asleep and wake up the next day and be back to normal. I tried and tried and tried but I could not sleep. I then decided to stay up and watch tv and just wait for the trip to wear off. I asked my friends if they were still tripping at all. They replied no not at all. The moment they said that, I had the worst feeling. I felt like I had fucked up something in my mind and that now I would experience this fear and anxiety for the rest of my life. They both fell asleep, leaving me by myself.

As I watched the tv, I heard a voice, Now I didn't even notice it at first. I thought it was just part of the tv show. But then it was doing it in the commercials. That's when I entered a very short state of amazment. But very shortly after, I came back to the fear and anxiety. The voice bothered me so I turned off the tv. But that just made it worse. Now the voice started to overwhelm me. I could hear the words the voice was saying but I could not put them together and make meaning out of it. The voice spoke and stopped and spoke over and over. Then it started speaking but didn't stop at all. The voice was freaking me out. I wanted to stop hearing it. It just kept talking and talking. I still don't know what the voice was ever saying. I covered my ears and started to sweat and yell 'No no stop please stop!' over and over.

I began to cry because the voice was driving me insane. I felt the voice start to fade after a few minutes(seemed like hours) and slowly faded away completely. The voice finally stopped and I was back to reality. I tried to reason with reality. But I couldn't do it. I needed somebody to talk to in order to bring me back. So I woke up my friend Anthony and we spoke. I started to cry and cry and cry. I don't know why. I just felt so ashamed and afraid and depressed. I could not do anything to block out these extremely negative emotions. They overwhelmed me. Then I began to cry some more. I sat and cried for 3 hours while I spoke to my friend. He kept telling me I was going to be okay but I wouldn't believe it. I was convinced that this feeling would never go away.

After the three hours, it was around 5 in the morning. The sun was coming up. I had pretty much cried my trip away. But the anxiety was still there. I decided it was best to call my mom and have her pick me up. She came and picked me up. As soon and I stepped outside the house to walk to her car, I looked in the sky and saw the sun rising. It put a giant smile on my face and I started to tear a little because I was so happy all of a sudden. Again, I have no idea why I had such a dramatic mood swing just like that. But then my mom called my name and I snapped out of it and began walking to the car. Here it came again. I felt the same way I was feeling most of the night.

I told my mom that I was extremely hungry so I went and ate breakfast at mcdonalds. At the restaurant, I felt really uneasy and extremely uncomfortable. I gobbled down my food and headed home. When I got home, I drank some tea and layed down. As I layed down, I began to cry again. I cried for another good 20-40 minutes, That's the last thing I remember of the trip. I assume I just cried myself to sleep. I woke up later that day and looked at life so differently. I thought about everything and everyone differently, but in a good way. I was so happy to be back to normal. I was so happy so be out of that state of fear and anxiety. I was high on life for the rest of the day.

That day, I went to my brothers and told him all about my night. And still to this day I still look at things differently then I did before I took the shrooms. It changed me in a good way. A way that makes me look at life much more positively. I think back to my trip all the time. Part of me wants to experience the good part of the trip again while another part of me says that it is not the worth the risk of another bad trip. I don't plan on doing them again any time soon. All in all, I had a pretty bad trip. But I know it could be so much worse. I only took 1.7g. I can't imagine how it would be if I took a whole eighth. So this was my story about my first ever mushroom trip.