A Short Pleasant First Time Experience

Firstly, I have virtually zero experience with drugs. I don't smoke or drink and my last experience with a substance of any kind was sniffing poppers about 15 years ago.

I watched The Spirit Molecule which piqued my interest in this compound. After reading countless testimonials and experiences, I decided I HAD to try DMT. I acquired a 'sample' of what was supposed to be 50mg, although I suspect it was more like 25-30mg.  I loaded the sample into a Glass Sherlock Vaporgenie (which I had purchased just for DMT). 

I watched it melt as I held the flame to the top of the pipe and the vapor filled the chamber an opaque white. I took a long toke until I had filled my lungs with the vapor and held it around 10 seconds.  The vapor was harsh and I almost coughed it out several times. Similar to the majority of reports, I found the smell to be akin to burning plastic.  Almost immediately my limbs became heavy and my head rolled back against the head-rest of my office chair.  

I closed my eyes and could see a pulsating light accompanied by a faint rhythmic drumming noise.  I began to feel slightly euphoric. I opened my eyes and my room had become colourful, vibrant and sharply defined. My hands held a particular interest for me. Objects like my computer mouse had an organic texture that moved, contracted, twisted and contorted.  I began to laugh at nothing in particular.

After around 3 minutes, I quickly returned to baseline. My head cleared and my limbs no longer felt heavy. Visual acuity returned and soon all effects had worn off.

I found my first experience with DMT pleasant but not as eventful as I had expected. My ultimate aim is to achieve a 'breakthrough' but I intend to start small and increase the dosage with each successive attempt. Perhaps the mild affects experienced are attributable to my weight (260lbs). During the clinical human DMT trials conducted by Rick Strassman in the 90s, the 'high dose' administered to volunteers was 0.4mg/kg. That would put my 'high dose' at around 43mg, although I'm not sure how vaporising and injecting differ in terms of dosage required.

So that's my first DMT experience. 