Two nights ago, I had my first successful experience with San Pedro tea.  I've had numerous experiences with LSD, Psilocybin, MDMA, a few prescription opiates, a few uppers, and Salvia—while I've had one experience with Ketamine and one with DXM. and I'm a daily marijuana smoker.  I tried extracted mescaline twice with minor effects and began to dismiss it as too mild a psychedelic, but my experience two nights ago was one of my most significant experiences—psychedelic or otherwise—to date.

I used two 12 inch cuttings of San Pedro to make tea, which I stored in my fridge for about two nights.  On this day, I had work from 6:30 am to 6:00 pm, and little to my knowledge, my friends E and P intended to come over afterwards to take psychedelics.

(7:00 pm) I get home from work—where I live alone—smoke a bowl (I specifically smoke moles, combinations of weed and tobacco in a bong), and text E and P to come over and hang out.  They rush over and when they arrive, they tell me I should drink my mescaline as they have mushrooms.  Although it's 7:00 and I know mescaline can last a long time, I was excited to give it another shot and ran to my fridge to get the tea.  They want to eat their shrooms, but knowing that the mescaline come up can be incredibly slow, I asked them to wait an hour.

(7:30 pm) I take large gulps of my brew at first, chasing it with orange juice.  The taste is horrible, like urine and MDMA mixed into old pea soup.  I intended to drink a little more than half of my tea (as 50 grams of Peruvian Torch got me almost nowhere), but about halfway through reaching this goal I was choking the stuff down.  I would gag with liquid still in my mouth, using all my might to stop myself from vomiting, and then swallowing the rest of the tea in my mouth.  It was a horribly disgusting experience.

(8:00 pm) So far I've had less than half of my total brew, but it feels as if I've taken two or three Adderall and they're just starting to kick in.  I begin to think that this brew may be very potent, as I'm about 30 minutes into drinking and I already feel incredibly euphoric and stimulated, so I leave my tea to sit.

(8:45 pm) E and P take their shrooms.  We sit and watch Bored to Death, smoking moles, as we wait.

(9:00 pm) I look around my room, still tweaking, but the tweak has taken on more of a molly-type stimulation, like stimulation via intense motivation and euphoria.  Things in my room don't look quite right, but I can't quite put my finger on what it is.  Everything's brighter and a little whiter, as if somewhere between me and the object there was a very smooth white-ish translucent crystal.  But these visuals were very mild.  Faces on the TV look very artificial, and the hair on their heads look unusually thin.  The shadows on my friends' faces seem to move ever so slightly.

(9:45 pm) We decide to go outside, as the shrooms are starting to come on strong for E and P.  We take our iPods and headphones and sit outside by my pool, looking at the stars, the water, and the many plants going up my hill.  I have four potted orange trees.  Three of the four looked very interesting in the way things do, but one of them was dying and had a light shining directly on it like a spotlight.  This plant looked bizarre, as if it was not actually occupying the same space as us.  It almost looked like it was on a flat-screen TV, but three dimensional and life-size.

We laid down by my pool and listened to some music.  I put on Wildcat by Ratatat and closed my eyes, wondering if I would get any closed eye visuals.  The moment I closed my eyes I saw a detailed human eye and eyebrow, with a blue iris, clear as daylight.  The music started and the eye gave way to colorful spinning and twisting patterns that felt like psychedelic gears and tunnels from Atlantis.  At some point it felt as if I was looking down one of these tunnels and I thought: "My god that EYE I saw earlier was impressive" but the moment the word EYE crossed my mind vivid eyes began to line the tunnel from Atlantis and twist around the tunnel to the music.

My mind was blown, I had never commanded my closed eye visuals before.  I remembered a Terence McKenna quote about Ayahuasca; "You can tell it 'ART-DECO' and it will show you ART-DECO" and as his voice echoed ART-DECO in my mind the outline of an art-deco tower filled my eyelids, followed by a city of tall art-deco buildings with vivid designs glowing colorful pulses of light according to the music.  I stared in awe and opened my eyes to tell E and P how incredible this experience was.

I closed my eyes again and put on Right in Two by Tool.  The visuals began with the outline of a puppy the pulsated to the music.  I was extremely confused by this.  The puppy then exploded into millions of puppies that fell down the back of my eyelids slowly, glowing and pulsating to the music.  I started laughing incredibly hard that I was seeing these visuals to this song.  The visuals then switched to abstract moving patterns.

(Who:Knows? pm) The stimulation is too much for me to take sitting down, so I get up and walk laps around my back yard (which becomes my resting position), watching the depth in my pool change according to the angle at which I look at the deep end.  I observe the lights reflecting off stones, the stars and the shadows.  Depth, lighting, plants, stars, wind, gravity. observing all these natural forces, energies, particles, and objects hit me with the impact of looking into the face of a somehow secular god.

I waited until now to write this report because I wanted to see if there would be any lingering appreciation of such simple things, and my mind is still blown by such things in a way it very rarely would be.  I definitely recognize the beauty of the world more than I did before.

(12:35 am) E and I return to my room to smoke more moles.  I am overwhelmed by the shadows in my room, they make my walls look like the walls of Superman's crystal base.  My paintings and pictures seem to move in a motionless way that I can't explain.  A painting of a stone face looks very bizarre.  It seems as if I can see a force pushing against the bridge of his nose into the other eye, although his nose resists being moved in any way.  It is a completely visual experience although no motion is observed.

On LSD and mushrooms my mind is "sober" as in my judgment is intact and I can think in an unintoxicated way, but my mind runs wild.  Here I was on mescaline, with intense open and closed eye visuals, and my mind felt like I could study.  I had an image of a 1950's scientist, drinks wine with dinner—an observer, and a subject zonked out on acid.  One is on the inside of the trip and may be relatively clear minded, but is in a totally different world, and the other one may be more aware of reality but will never understand what the subject is feeling.  On mescaline I felt like I was the subject and the observer.  Although my world looked entirely different, closing my eyes resulted in intense visions, and I had deep analytical thoughts (as the subject), there was an underlying lucidity (as the observer).

Standing in my room I felt a primal rule over the room and the house, like a head lion in its den.  I felt like a champion; I was stimulated, my body tingled with MDMA-like euphoria, and I could communicate all my thoughts and visions clearly.

(No:Idea am) At some point we went back outside to hang out with P, and then brought him back inside.  We put on music, smoked weed, and played with a  laser pointer.  Instead of seeing one laser beam, however, I saw 8 or so little lasers twisting around each other like a tiny glowing rope.  Where the laser hit the wall, it formed one point like it normally would, but the green glow around it formed hexagonal tile patterns on my wall in a most bizarre way.

(4:00 am - ?:?? am) P and E have gone to bed, and I decide to lie down and try to sleep as well, although I figure it's unlikely.  I lie in bed thinking and getting tired.  It feels as if it's been ten minutes and I get up to go to the bathroom,  but it is now broad daylight outside and my friends have gone home.

(2:30 pm) I wake up from what I'm sure was a very short sleep.  This was, certainly, one of the most amazing experiences of my life.