
I thought I'd like to share this experiance as it was so clear and amazingly real.

A beautiful still fullmoon night, myself and friend Marty planned to take a little of some recently aquired LSD. We had been told it was very clean and fresh.

I road my pushbike to M's house at dusk and watched the huge moon rise over suburban Melbourne. We had decided to take the acid and then rehearse a few songs until it came on. It didn't take long before my hands became disengaged from my mind and magical vistas began to appear behind my eyes. The rehearsal was over.

We retired to the lounge room for a beer and a smoke. I was feeling wonderful as we sat chatting about state of the world. We seemed to be in some mutal blissed 'love's the answer, love's the question' headspace. M talked his brother's suicide, and showed emotions I had never seen in him before. While this conversion was going on I noticed distortions in his face, I had seen these before when we had tripped on previous occasions and I always looked away as I thought it was some sort of sickness. But this time I concentrated on his face as his nose and chin grew into a gargoyle-like mask.

As we continued to talk this mask took on even more hidious looking features (classic gargoyle and ghoul archtypes)until it reach the point where it was nearly impossible to look at. M's face was at a profile to me but these other ghoulish faces continued to look at me from out of the side of his head. Then he turned to face me and his eyes and the eyes of these hideous gargoyles became one. I was staring directly into his eyes and then room exploded into green and all I could see were his eyes in a thick green fog. I remember thinking then that his eyes were the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.

Then the green mist cleared and M had turned into a leprechaun and was lying in a field of mushroons. He was about 3 feet long with a long wispy red beard, large pointy ears, a little green hat, green suit and pointy shoes with buckles. Here I was sitting in the room with a beer talking with a leprechaun as real as the day was long. Then he began changing again first into a camouflaged, pointy eared earth warrior and then a parade of what was literally thousands of faces, pirates with eye patches, old black women and everything else in between. During this whole time we continued rapping.

It was a truely magical trip and we gently came down over a few beers and joints. I felt truly privileged to have seen what I believe was my friends spirit. I had never beleived that I would ever in this life see a leprechaun, now I know one who lives just down the road.

Thanks for opportunity to tell my little story.

Charly