I was at this big celebration last week and lo and behold, someone handed me a capsule and proclaimed it was derived from Sassafrass root!

'Sassafrass!?, cool...that's my daughters name!' so I popped the capsule a prepared for the magic....

After awhile I was sure that there would not be much of a consciousness shift, but I was feeling good and staying open, and enjoying the band and the people.

BACKGROUND: On the way to the party I was walking with a woman who I had just met. She was an Israeli woman named Aviva, and is about 15-20 years my senior (I am 28). For some reason, i was feeling very open to her and during our walk, i revealed many
of the details of my personal life. One of the things I mentioned, was my past experiences with polyamory, and how that lead to the end of the relationship with my X-lover...I ended the conversation with...'that's why now we're staying pretty much 'monogomous'.....

Back to the trip:

I went inside for a drink, and i was standing against a wall, observing the people, vibes, etc, when Aviva walks up to me....

'FRee, excuse me, I don't mean anything by this, and I'm not sure, but I think there is something missing from your story'

'Hmmm, what's that?'

'Well....where does Clay fit into the picture?'

Bingo. She is a very observant woman...though Sophie and I claim 'monogamy', it is really because we are very cautious. Clay is a close dear friend who is helping us raise our child and is, in essence, our lover....

I said, 'We snuggle with Clay alot, and he sleeps with us sometimes, we have another friend like that name Cosima...she and Sophie like to kiss alot : ) '

'That is absolutely beautiful'

Those words were so sincere, and we looked deeply into each other's eyes. After a good few seconds of connecting, I naturally dropped my gaze.....

'You cannot look in my eyes for more than a few seconds?'

'I think I can' (gazing begins again), 'it can be scary'...

'You are totally safe'

'Yea....'

WOW....we stayed there in each other's eyes for what seemed like an eternity!! I have always been a big fan of eye contact....but this was ridiculous....it was so intense I couldn't believe it was happening. Soon only her eyes remained and her face was changing shapes and sizes.....and then WHAMMO....

'You know' she said, 'When you stare into someone's eyes like this, their face will begin to change, and you will see different faces, and different people, and they are the faces of history, and they are the different faces of ourselves, and some of them are even alien creatures...'

I was seeing 'em all! This was incredible!! Here she was giving me the most powerful tool i have encountered for connecting with people....in alot of ways it's better than sex!! (of course there is always the eye/sex combo).

'Let me tell you', she said, 'I feel that this is some kind of Initiation....not of me initiating you, or you initiating me, but it IS some kind of initiaion..'

'Yes, it is indeed...thank you'

After a minute or so more, we finally broke contact...it had been a good half hour of gazing and I was so thrilled and rejuvenated I had to go a boogyin'!!

Sometimes it's clearly the set and setting and not the dose that gives you the experience : )

P.S. I've done this looking thing several times since then with no chemical catalyst and it works great.....also...if any of you have not read the book 'The Little Prince' try it out, Aviva recommends it. : )