I'm an experienced drug user that has dabbled in most every psychedelic/opiate/stimulant worth taking besides X, crack, and crank. Id heard that Mescaline came in varying amounts in the San Pedro cactus, and that it was widely available, so I decided to hunt around and acquire one. I purchased a San Pedro from a Lowe's ($20) in the Midwest United States that stood about 2ft in height and 3' in diameter. I suspected that it was grown commercially (and clearly not to encourage Mesc production) and therefore weak, and my suspicions were correct. I de-spined, sliced the cactus thin, and removed the cores before baking the chips in the oven for about 4 hours at 200 degrees (with the door slightly ajar). Once they were partially dry, I used a coffee grinder to powder them before speading the dust on a cookie sheet in front of a fan for about 24 hours. I ended up with 63g of powder, leading me to believe that my cactus was about 1 1/2 lbs wet. Based on the dose descriptions listed in online vaults, I'd estimate that I took around 150-175mg of Mescaline, making my cactus about 0.2% potent (which is low, but seems consistent with many reports I've read online). I kinda thought that maybe the 1% range was wishful thinking.

The experience was, although not as strong as I'd have liked, really awesome. The information I'd collected about the trip was spot-on, especially pertaining to the 'twist' of flavor that this species of mescaline-containg cactus (trichocereus pachanoi) adds to the experience. I was told to expect subdued visuals and a strong body load from the san pedro delivery system, and both proved to be correct. It was indeed a very long trip. I ate the cactus at 11:45 am, didnt really feel it strong until around 3pm, and it didn't fade into a headache until around 10 or 11 pm. I mixed about 10g of powder into a glass and added 8 oz of orange juice. This was a good mix as the orange juice helped balance out the extreme bitterness of the cactus. It took about 6 glasses, which were quite unpleasant but not as horriffic as I was expecting. I experienced mild nausea for  about two hours, and for one hour in between was getting to the point I thought I may vomit. After about four hours total nausea wasn't an issue and I never purged. These are the quick notes I jotted down as I was tripping. Typing isn't super difficult on this drug like on mushrooms, but it still isn't the easiest thing to do. So its a bit frank.

My notes
--------------

The weird skin separation feeling **(I tend to feel a strange layering of my whole body when tripping)

Kinda like I would guess x is

Hard to type but yet its not

Tight jaw

Small euphoric body buzz

Visual tracers **(for this low of a dose, these were pretty intense. I could see this getting extreme in high doses. My computer pointer looked like it had oldschool trails enabled)

Same sense of never being able to 'be right there', just like on boomers

Not panicky

Dont feel like I want it to end

Subdued visuals

CEV's and OEV's in darkness relatively strong and geometric **(Only during peak for OEV's, CEV's gradually became weaker but were typically present)

Warm opiate like body high

In pitch dark bathroom saw circular aztec symbols, cigarette smoke looking visuals, and green and purple hallways

No sense of time

Appreciation for small comedic detail in life 

Laughing a lot

A feeling of body shrinking and getting larger simultaneously

Not too strong overeall

Could easily handle effects much greater
-----------------------
**noted after

Like the internet had told me, it faded into a pretty bad headache towards the end of the trip. I knew that dehydration played a role in this, so I kept up my water intake during, but it still got me anyway. Well worth it though, it didn't keep me awake very long and was gone in the morning. I tend to have a strong stomach, and have never been nauseated or vomit on mushrooms (3.5g), but I could see this getting ugly if the stuff gags you. As I prepared for the trip I became mentally peaceful with the idea of purging, and once I accepted it I never feared puking no matter how close I came. It really did feel gentle and clear headed, I never really panicked one time. Even when I couldn't walk very well, which would have bugged me a lot more on mushrooms.
	
A guy online commented that the good cactus experience needs to be worked for, and I think this is a really good observation. I noticed that I could have easily been pissed and disappointed that it wasnt all that strong, and I would have got really nothing out of it. Instead I just let it go as far as it could, and I made the best of each moment. I felt like I was a kid again. In a small dose it was nice to do alone, but in larger doses I don't think I'd like it. It felt like the best of booze, X (I'd speculate), and mushrooms. I appeared quite fucked up, so I wouldn't suggest wandering too much out into public. A lot of permasmile, spiritual reflection, and random bouts of laughter. Its a shame this stuff isn't easier to obtain.

Be safe, enjoy the ride.