Out of Control First Time
I am a college student at a university and completely missed out on my first semester of my freshmen year. I was quiet, all I did was study and I was socially awkward. So in the very beginning of the second semester, I continued my anti-social habit. However, one night in January, my study session was cut short.

I was studying for a calculus quiz when my friend D walks into my dorm room and boldly asks, 'Do you wanna smoke weed?'. I jumped at the opportunity and threw down the required five dollars and a blunt. About an hour later, I was smoking a blunt with D, D's friend 'M', and M's girlfriend 'G'. It took me a few tries to smoke properly but I succeeded. I remember taking a hit and feeling it in my testicles. I remember shouting that statement to the group of people I was smoking with. This may have been the first sliver of confidence that weed has given me.

After smoking we went to D's dorm. As soon as I set foot in D's dorm I stared at the Gatorade under his bed. It was there and then that I fell on the floor and started laughing. D picked me up and I told him I had to pee. He did not trust me to go alone so he took me to the bathroom. I remember seeing an Asian kid that I barely knew. I normally would not even think to say hello, but at this point I could not even resist talking to him. However, D would not let me and all I got to say was hello.

Although I was experiencing incredible Euphoria, I saw no other side-effects. For example, my eyes were completely white and not even slightly red. I also did not notice much deviation from my normal eating habits. For the six-seven hours of being high, I only ate one bowl of oatmeal (which I had trouble eating due to uncontrollable laughter).

Later that night, I escaped D's protection to find myself in a mess of trouble. I wanted people to know what I did. My roommate discovered my uncontrollable laughter before I could tell him. D's neighbor also found out. His neighbor attempted to convince me that he was a cop. I was high, but not fooled. My neighbors also found out. I remember joking around and telling them that I used to be a carrot. Up until that point, it was probably the most I had ever talked to them.

I finally went to sleep that night. I would like to note that I did not get my usual amount of sleep. I was sober, so this was most likely due to excitement. When I woke up, I was in a very good mood and rushed over to talk to D about the experience.