In the mindset of getting away from technology and distractions, I decided to go up to the N. GA mountains to get my head clear. On my previous psychedelic encounters of the mountains, I found alot of peace, great energy, and a few positive spirits that have guided my evolution. 

On my 3rd day of staying in the mountains in solitude, I ventured down the side of the mountain on a slightly overgrown trail, not having any expectations of where this trail would lead me to.

After about an hour of walking, I began to hear creek rapids and eventually came to a peaceful little shaded/cavesque creek area and washed my face with the cold and refreshing mountain creek water. I sat against a tree meditating, breathing in and out, clearing my mind, and taking in all that was around me.

'Mother nature and the earth that surrounds me'
'I allow you entrance into my mind, body, and soul' 
'I ask for your guidance and any information I need to know of my life path'

I took a few more deep breaths and inhaled the Orange DMT that was in the end of this glass one hitter. When my lungs were filled, I held the smoke from the plant extract until I started feeling the energy in my body and as I slowly let out of the smoke, I was pulled into this new realm of colors, geometric shapes, and increased energy flowing through my body until I came face to face with a feminine Hummingbird spirit. We looked at each other in the eyes deeply as she telepathically communicated with my mind, giving me information that I didn't comprehend or understand, but felt was valuable information that I will use on the future path.  As we faded away from each other, I thanked her over and over until I was back sitting against the river bed tree. The trip lasted an estimated 15 mins and I felt much euphoria and cleansed since the experience. 

The next day, I woke up at my campsite and looked out into the neighboring field and noticed a hand full of hummingbirds eating and playing. I feel as the Hummingbird spirit has sent me on a new path in life.