Today is Monday the 3rd. Recently, some of my friends learned to synthesize their own DMT and invited me to partake. I had done a small amount once before but did not break through. So on Sunday the 2nd, coming from a long night of addy and alcohol, my girlfriend and I embarked on this adventure.

We sat down in my friend's room and he measured out 100 mg each for my girlfriend and I. We were seated on the bed and I picked the song I wanted to trip to: 'We can make the world stop' by The Glitch Mob. Let me tell you first. The world did not stop. Far from it.

We heated up a titanium nail and I hit it out of a circ to circ toro with only one layer filled with water. I can remember having three thoughts:

1. Hmmm...it's not hitting me ye....
2. Oh no! just kidding..
3. Take off my glasses.

As my hands were melting into oblivion and I was being dragged onto the bed there was only the color lime green. And then the absorption started.

There was no time to ask silly questions to spirits in my mind as the universe was being absorbed into my body. There was no chance of being afraid, no chance of creating thought as the being that I   had become was becoming complete. ('I' being used very loosely at this point for there was no 'I' just an overwhelming feeling of everything) The best description to describe this experience would be that I was a grain of sand in a vast desert of existence. Except this desert contained all of you and everything else I/you/he/she/it could ever think/dream/create.

Well, as soon as the trip started fading, I became a singular being once again, but it would be another minute or so in human time before I could open my eyes. Upon being welcomed back to this distorted reality by triangulated, vibrating versions of my girlfriend and friends, I crawled under a blanket and tried to put words to what I had just experienced.

As I was sitting there in awe and wonder of what had just occurred, my girlfriend took her first hit. I don't know where she went but when she finally came back, the first words she said was, 'It felt like having sex with 19 people'

I'm not going to bother you with any more description of the visuals because those are insignificant in the larger scale of the world. This was no longer a drug experience but a spiritual glimpse of understanding what it is to be a completed being.

Today is Monday the 3rd and with all the research I have done in the past 24 hours, Wikipedia surprisingly contained the ideas that  I tried to mumble upon my return. 

'This 'perceived loss of boundaries between self and environment' is said to be experienced through a sensation that one is the whole universe (and therefore there is no need to differentiate the 'I' from the 'universe') or by simply acknowledging the 'I' does not exist.'

For it does not.