Just felt so inspired to write and share this amazing experience. I apologize in advance for bad grammar and spelling. My mind still isn't fully understanding after this, and I'm still trying to get the grip of spelling and english again.

I've known of DMT only for the last 12 or so months, but when I first found out about it, I knew that I was going to experience it myself. Having tried, and had many successful trips with Acid, N-bome, shrooms etc, I felt that I would be able to understand and have even a slither of what DMT would be like.

I was wrong.

That very day I had received a small baggy of DMT. Both my boyfriend and I made plans that evening to sit back and see what we could experience with the DMT. We both smoked some weed prior to the DMT, and filled a pipe with some mugwort to smoke with the DMT. My boyfriend went first. He kept telling me how intense it was, and how amazing and frightening it was. Being caught in a washing machine. After he came back, and had calmed down, I started smoking myself.

I filled my pipe with a bit more DMT than my boyfriends, being heavier and taking into consideration mass to DMT, I hopped in my bed, and lit up. I breathed in a bit too fast and hard, and started coughing. I quickly smoked again and kept breathing in. The last puff I took sent me into another major coughing fit, but as soon as I regained my breath, I felt it.

Felt the tugging at the back of my mind. I knew that if I didn't put the pipe down, It would drop. I managed to get it down just in time to lay back, as my consciousness was ripped from my physical body. My eyes closed, all I could see was colours, as I was being dragged what I felt was space and time. I then understood what my boyfriend meant by the washing machine. It felt like a spinning, or drilling to break through some barrier. Then all of a sudden, the spinning stopped, and I broke through. Looking back, it's a bit of a blur, but I remember there being absolutely nothing, and seeing each atom form into a universe. I witnessed the birth of all the galaxies, and saw the milky way's sun ignite, from a cold, floating stone in space. The first ignition, the spark, and then the pull and rotation of the planets.

Through out the entire experience so far, I heard a deep ringing. Nothing else. Though the ringing didn't seem like it was coming from my ears, but all around me, and I could feel it. A vibration that echoed throughout my entire spirit. I lost contact with my physical body.

As I experienced the creation of reality, and felt the creation of time, I then encountered 2...beings at this point. Both long and serpentine in body, but one was blue, the other red. The red one was most definitely a snake of some sort, and was mean, spiteful, condemning. Kept trying to throw me off course. The blue one, however, was kind. Helped me through this leg of the experience.

I had no idea how much time has passed at this point. It felt like an eternity had passed as I observed the creation of my existence. Watching animals evolve from nothing. Watching man evolve from animals. Getting inside the heads of every, single human that ever has or ever will, existed.

After that, it was again a blur, as I was forced through more space, watching many other planets become active, inhabited. It was so astounding and humbling to see all of this happen. I just kept zooming and zooming through space, colours starting to blur and the washing machine effect starting up again, being pushed back into what I realise was a dome. A bubble. A bubble which was what I would consider to be my physical consciousness. My ego protection. The whole idea that my body is me.

Crashing and being shoved back into the physical consciousness wasn't very easy. I had a few guides coming back into this realm though. They took the form of animals, and I knew that they would help me out. My own personal guardian being a wolf, helped me through most of the transition back. Leading me to where I belong and making sure I didn't get lost. There was a big presence and calming words (more like sounds), coming from a female body, or being. I had met a female spirit of nature once before on shrooms, but I don't remember if it was the same one. Regardless, I was reunited with my body and was able to get myself back into a physical reality. A sudden flood of memories, experiences, emotions came back to me once I came into contact with my body. I started to become aware of what was around me physically, my hearing coming back as well, the ringing no longer drowned out everything. That whole feeling of 'my life flashed before my eyes' was no longer just an expression heard. Each time my eyes closed, I saw flashes of what was my life. I saw my family, my boyfriend, my pets, friends, strangers, possessions, everything. No matter how much appeared, there was more. Even the english language seemed weird until I realised it was words I spoke. I opened my eyes briefly, closed them and waited. My mind still wasn't connected properly. I tried to open my eyes several times, and let go of my blanket that I was holding onto for dear life.

I managed to move my arms and stretched, feeling my body reawaken with this new sense of what is. I then just broke down crying. A mix of trying to get emotions back under control, the idea that I had left my physical self well and truly, and the idea of everything I had just witnessed. I was, and still am, at a complete loss for words over how to describe completely what I saw and felt.

I cried for a good 5 or so minutes, my mind reeling. It was probably the biggest experience of my life, and what I imagined to feel like dying. The afterlife and what happens when you leave this body.

I just sat there, mouth open and wordless for a while, thinking over and just trying to get a grip.

I'm still trying.

Nothing could ever prepare me for an experience like that. It was being thrown in the deep end, even though I might have prepared, it won't be the same.

I don't plan on touching DMT for a while. After that experience, I have a lot to think and ponder over for a while.

I've never felt so amazed to be alive, and humbled by the mere thought of existence.