##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

About 5p.m. I packed around 100 mg of DMT into my vapor genie. Nervousness stalled this process for a long time, but I finally mustered up the courage to hit it at 1 a.m.

I take one hit from my vape, my body feels pretty tingly so I take a second and I feel as if I turned into sand and just started falling apart...somehow I manage to take a third hit and I can't even explain...I shot off so quickly into a out of body trip. The new scenery had a background that was the darkest black I've ever seen. This dark had a strange, infinite, depth to it, but everything that made up where ever I was, was made out of these thick 3D lines. If you can imagine seeing every single color at one point at the exact same time; that was the color of the lines. Ever object in this place had a wide spacing to the 3D lines so that the darkness was everywhere while also maintaining a bright hue of every color imaginable.

It looked as if I was sitting in the top/back area of a combination of a huge coliseum and an ancient Egyptian tomb. In the middle of this coliseum/pyramidal tomb area sat these 2 figures that, at moments, resembled a Sphinx but every time I tried to focus on them, the angle that in which I viewed these objects kept changing. I was listening to 'Us and Them' and right as the chorus came in,

'Forward he cried from the rear
And the front rank died
And the General sat, as the lines on the map
Moved from side to side'

the overall hue of the lines that made up my surroundings (extremely enhanced with the Sphinx like objects) turned to a fiery red and yellow. The two objects morphed into on and started to tower over me (somehow now I was standing right in front it it) it scared me shitless so I changed the song to brain damage (my 'go-to' trip calming song) and something about it made everything fade away. I couldn't even tell you what I was looking at anymore, there were geometrical patterns everywhere but I couldn't really focus/see them. I knew they were there but my brain didn't acknowledge them if that makes sense. As I started calming down, I remember thinking (maybe saying) 'I'm glad I'm coming back to something I'm familiar with.'

The entire time this was going on I didn't even realize I had a body, when I thought about my body I tried to feel it and all I felt was a body that was created from barely damp sand which started to wither away and blend into the bed I was lying on. I'd just tell myself to stop thinking about it and all the sudden I didn't have a body anymore until I thought about it later on.

It's not that it felt like I was there forever, or that I was only there for a split second. How long the trip was taking never crossed my mind once while it was happening. But, I can tell you that all of this happened 27 minutes ago and I started typing this when I still had a few visuals left. I have absolutely know idea how that went by so fast because it feels like I've only been typing for maybe 5 minutes max.

I talked to a friend about it the day after, he said I had a 'along the watchtower' trip, which means that I visited a past life and watched the day of that life's death. I'm still trying to figure out how I died that day, but my guess is I was actually watching the day I was buried in the pyramid which was guarded by the 2 Sphinxes and as a soul, I wasn't allowed back into my tomb.