Mushrooms and Love

The Mushrooms

After not being able to find mushrooms near my house for a few years, I hit the jackpot this fall. I came across a pond not far from my house where hundreds of psilocybe mushrooms were growing in the manure around the bank. I believe the species is Cubensis. I tried eating a few with two friends, and based on our experience I believe the mushrooms are weak, though another guy tried 3 of them and he thought they were strong.

The Tea

While planning to spend a few days with my girlfriend at her place I decided to make some mushroom tea and take it with me. I used exactly one hundred mushrooms of various sizes. By this time the mushrooms had been dried for month or so. I boiled 4 cups of water then added the 100 mushrooms and 2 Lipton tea bags. I stirred it up and let it sit in the fridge over night. The next day I stirred again then strained the liquid off. I added a little water so I once again had 4 cups. I added sugar to taste as I drank the tea.

The First Night, Oct 24

I started sipping on the tea around 7:30. My girlfriend K did not drink any tea, she was drinking whiskey I think. I didnt know how strong it would be so I wasnt planning to drink any particular amount. In 15 or 20 minutes I started feeling it. When I eat mushrooms I go through a rough phase before I start to feeling good, but with tea the rough phase is mild and short, and that was the case that night. The most intense part of the high came early on: I lay down on the bed and when I would closed my eyes I'd see eyes and Aztec designs that made up a rolling, indigo landscape. Then I would have the feeling that I was melting into that landscape, becoming part of it.

K walked to the Waffle House next door. I didnt feel up to being in public, but as I lay there I started thinking about her and us, and my feeling changed very quickly. Suddenly I wanted to be near her, and going outside sounded nice. Outside I was seeing a lot of starburst which made the street lights very pretty. I ran into a guy who's living upstairs from K, and he started talking to me. I'm pretty sure he is schizophrenic. K had already told me about him and what a religious weirdo he is. He said K was totally crazy about me, which I was glad to hear, and I told him I'm pretty crazy about her. He told me the Devil loves him and asked me if I know the Devil. We had an ...interesting little talk. We probably talked five minutes and it seemed like he didnt blink his eyes once the whole time, haha. Then K was coming back with the food and I went inside with her.

I dont remember much about the next few hours. I remember cuddling a lot with K, and I remember realizing I was falling in love with her, and thinking about what a fantastic turn my life was taking. I felt very good. I wasnt horny at all, which was unfortunate for K because she was. Mushrooms usually take all my sex drive away. Once I looked up at the ceiling and saw shapes and figures there as the texture seemed to move around. I went to bed around 4 or 5 in the morning. That night I drank between one-half and two-thirds of the tea.

The Second Night, Oct 26

I had been planning on taking the rest of the tea home and freezing it for future use, but two nights later K wanted me to drink more of it, so I decided I'd drink the rest. After just two days I didnt expect the tea to do much for me. My past experience indicates it takes me about 4 days to return to normal mushroom tolerance. But I decided to drink the rest and see what it did for me.

In a short time I felt very hyper and zonked out. For two or two and a half hours I felt kind of bad. I decided this was going to be one of those times when I wouldnt ever get past the rough phase and would not feel good (usually the rough phase lasts about 30 minutes), but then I suddenly started feeling good. After eating a little bit of seafood and smoking a cig I felt very good. The first night I did not shake the tea jar up, and I wonder if maybe some potent mushroom matter settled to the bottom, because that second night I got higher than I expected to. I drank the rest of the tea, but that was at most half of what I originally had, probably less than half.

K had a bad headache because of her menses and a friend wrote her that Sprite and Advil might help, so I decided to walk to the nearest gas-station to get Sprite. She didnt want me to go but I insisted. Besides I really wanted to get out in the night air. Again I had starburst which made the night lights lovely. I made it to the gas-station and back without incident.

After taking the Advil and Sprite K soon got to feeling much better. I put on the movie La Noche de Walpurgis and we started fooling around. Unlike the first night, I got pretty horny this night. Because of her menses she refused to take her pants off, but I think this actually made it better. It was so erotic. I'm going to try that style of love making again.

After that I sat on the bed, leaning back against the headboard, holding K. At first I was kind of watching tv but then I forgot about the tv. I was feeling very good, thinking about my family and friends, and K and the dog were snuggling up against me. I closed my eyes, felt at one with K, and meditated effortlessly. It was one of the most content times of my life. I simply felt good; I was calm but not tired. Again I had feelings of love toward K, the feeling that I am falling in love with her. I still feel that way now, three days later. Eventually I got tired, brushed my teeth, and went to bed.