The Spirit Molecule

It all began with a friend of mine exclaiming that he had access to the 'Spirit Molecule' otherwise known as DMT. Unfortunately, I knew that I would have to wait a few weeks before I could obtain it, so I did what research that I could.

Myself, along with two close friends, watched the documentary on DMT that is available on Netflix. This did nothing but intensify the anticipation of such a substance. To have the best experience possible, I started preparing myself mentally for what might happen once the trip began, as I had no prior experience with any other psychedelic before. The quality of my trip I found, directly correlates with my current mental state at the time of administration.

Myself and my other two friends decided that we would be the only ones to witness each other tripping, due to the fact that we were most comfortable around one another. I packed a bong with just enough cannabis to keep it from fulling through, that way I knew I was getting as much DMT into my system as possible. 

I sprinkled my dosage into the bowl and sat down in a leather chair next to a window, it was dark outside, and I had chosen the song 'Strobe' by Deadmau5 to listen to as I tripped. I lit the bong and milked it for all its worth, and then inhaled. I initially wanted to cough my head off due to the harshness of the smoke, but I overcame the urge. At this moment, I looked at my friend and he screamed, 'Blow it out the window, dumbass!' and it sounded like he was at least 100 yards away from where I was sitting. As soon as I exhaled, my journey began.

I laid back in the chair and closed my eyes, because honestly, it was the only thing I could do. I started visualizing fractal patterns of all shapes, sizes, and colors, and felt a warmness throughout my body. The song definitely affected my trip, the shapes and colors were all spinning and pulsing with the beat of the song and it was truly a wonderful sensation. As the song slowed, my visions changed as well. I found myself standing in a large, seemingly infinite area with a giant array of maybe 20 television screens in front of me. On the screens were various memories from my childhood, both good and bad, and I began turning off the tv's displaying bad memories. As soon as I finished, the beat of the song sped up once again, and I felt as if I was floating above the room in which I was sitting. I was able to see both of my friends watching me in my chair as I just calmly sat there, and I was able to see everything going on in my room at that time. And all of a sudden, the song came to an end, and with it, the trip ended as well.

Everyone in the room 'took their turn' and we all described our experiences afterwards. We kept smoking bud throughout the night, because I remember feeling like I had drank a case of beer by myself. Without a doubt, my experience with the 'Spirit Molecule' was the single most spiritual moment of my life.