It's my first DMT experience and I must admit I'm nervous.

All week I have been reading about DMT, the trips, the risks and everything in between. Increased heart rate was my biggest concern.. worrying about it had me at 102BPM all week.

A squirt of jojoba oil and 2 drops of ylang ylang, I rub the mixture onto my chest. It's supposed to balance heart rate and it smells pretty good too. The room is dimly lit, traditional Indian music is playing in the background (I read somewhere that it was good during a DMT experience.) Clary Sage, Frankincense and Patchouli have been burning for an hour now. Everything looks good. Everything is ready. Fluffing up the pillows I position myself to lay down comfortably when it hits.

My friend holds the glass pipe in one hand and with the torch lighter in his other hand he heats up the DMT. Soon enough white smoke starts filling the bubbles in his pipe and I take a hit, slow and smooth. I didn't seem to get much that time, I take another. I fill my lungs with smoke and lay down with my eyes closed. I will hold the smoke as long as I can. From what seems far in the distance, strange geometric patterns spiral towards me. I was expecting vivid colors but the patterns were black and white. My point of perception seemed to sink away from my eyes towards the center of my brain by which point the patterns filled my 'vision'. It was very dark and the patterns were very pointy. I asked 'Is it evil or is it good?' Then I realized that it was what I believed it to be. There was nothing menacing about it, nor was there something 'good'. That's when the patterns were upon me.

From memory it was checkered black and white, spiraling towards me so that I would pass through a white square or diamond that swirled and deformed so that the black that passed by seemed like arrows pointing towards the end. Again and again I traveled these shapes and those arrows were not arrows but elves or something of the sort. They were excited and energetic, pointing to what must be the end with such intensity. I could feel their intention as they bounced with excitement. They stretched their arms in enthusiasm and pointed 'Go there! That's where you need to go! There! All the way! You're almost there! Go! Go! Go!' Still aware of my body, my heart rate was normal, my breathing was deep and steady as if I were sleeping or under hypnosis. I could feel the back of my teeth (I didn't get it until trying DMT either) and the tip of my tongue was numb. So close was I now to the end of the 'tunnel' I saw what must be the 'membrane' I had read about. I only need to pop through and I will be there!

The last white shape fell upon me and suddenly I was speeding off to the left. The patterns were gone and white dots like stars seemed to speed by with the tremendous speed. Back at my body, I couldn't feel the left side. My mind was separated from my body but it was not what was traveling. What seemed to be my spirit was speeding off to the left. Then I felt a great hand within my face, holding my body whilst another hand carried my spirit away. It seemed that the hand was separating the two and the further my spirit went, the more the feeling off no body spread from left to right. The being, if it was at all a being, was neutral. I detected no threat nor love from whatever it was. It was at this moment that I felt my saliva. I swallowed. I was back in my body again and the separation slowly subsided. The spiraling patterns were there but once again at a distance. Still black and white and spiky. Now that I think about it the peaks and spikes remind me of ferrofluid. I lay there waiting to see if it was over or if it was only beginning. Slowly the sense of separation left me and my mind, body and spirit were reunited. But not as before. I didn't break through. But before DMT, spirit was only a word to me. The unimaginable event splitting my mind, body and spirit into three connected forms at once will forever change the way that I perceive my reality. I am no longer the self I thought I was but a self that I must now discover. I will shed this mental illusion of the self and allow my spirit to lead me.