My First Time Taking DMT

This is my first time writing a report on any kind of hallucinogenic.

So me and my friend have done other hallucinogenics in the past such as mushrooms, 2C-E, 2C-B, LSD, LSA, Salvia, etc. and we decided that we wanted to have a very powerful trip. My friend, I will refer to him as 'J', got his hands on some DMT. Me and J had waited until Friday to take the DMT as we both did not have work and had nothing else planned besides tripping.

My friend J pulled up in his car at my house and brought with him about 100mg of DMT in a little glass bottle. The DMT looked like a crystal and had the color of a very light yellow-brown. We went up to my room and played some trippy music and began to prepare the DMT for use. We had a small glass smoking pipe in which I had placed a fine screen in so the DMT would not fall through the hole in the middle.

At that time he told me that he was ready to begin tripping and said that I should go first so he could watch me in case anything bad happened or it got out of control. I took around 20mg of the DMT and placed in on the screen in the bowl and took a long drag on it. It tasted very disgusting and almost sweet at the same time but it was a very interesting taste to it. 

I held the smoke in for as long as I could, I don't know how long I had held it in for, but the effects seemed to begin almost immediately after taking my hit. 

I can remember blowing the smoke out and watching it float around my room for a little while, but there was something different about it. It looked like it was turning into some kind of fog or cloud. I blinked a few times to see if what I was looking at was real but every time I blinked I saw a very bright light; almost as if I had been staring into the sun for a while. 

The smoke kept on spiraling and spinning in front of me and slowly forming a little white ball that when I looked at it would float around my room. I can remember my friend J saying something like 'Dude, are you okay?' and I tried to respond to him but for some odd reason I just couldn't make out an appropriate response. The floating white ball then seemed to start flashing vagrant colors of white, purple, yellow, blue, and green. I stared at it for a little while and the most odd thing happened to it. It began to get smaller, and smaller, and smaller until it was no longer there and then it happened...boom! It exploded in a glorious wave of colors and images. My vision of my room was completely gone and I was immersed in some different universe. I saw stars and planets floating around me, as if I was in the center of a galaxy. 

The planets began to whirl around me getting faster and faster until they all collided into one spherical and uniform shape. This shape started transforming into a figure of a person, of whom I had no idea who they were, and it seemed as if that figure was multiplying into other people. It was multiplying rapidly into different sizes. These figures surrounded me. I tried to stand up to walk towards them but I immediately fell down onto something very soft. (I'm guessing it was most likely my bed) I was now, from what I felt, was lying on my back. The figures were coming towards me and started to lean over me and came close to my face.The figure's face was morphing constantly; turning into different animals at one point and I think I may have even seen the face of my pet dog in the figure. It felt as if this spiritual figure was reaching one of its 8 arms out to me as if it was gesturing me to stand up. I tried to take its hand but it jerked it away so fast and screamed at me saying 'We are not for you!'.

As soon as it said that I felt like I began to sink. I was still laying on my back and I felt like a thousand tentacles were wrapping around me and pulling me down into some sort of dark hole in which there was no light. The figure followed me and turned around so its back was facing me. I saw that it had wings and numerous tattoos of random symbols that seemed to twist and turn on its body. The figure then drew a circle in the air while I was in this dark hole and gestured me to go into it. I felt like I could not move but the hole sucked me into it and I felt like my body was morphing into something else. There were so many voices that I was hearing. They were calling my name to me. As if they were trying to get my attention. The figure abruptly flew past me and said, from what I can remember, something like 'It's time for you to return to nocturnal, my child.' At that point I felt myself falling from the sky into my house. I looked down and saw my own body laying there on my bed. I was falling so fast until I fell through my house and landed back into my body. I noticed that I had returned to reality. My friend J looked at me and said 'Bro, you were talking to yourself.' I replied to him saying 'I had no idea that I was'. He then nodded and told me to pass him the glass pipe that I was still holding tightly onto. He took a hit off of the DMT and I watched him as he began to enter into his own world.