First Exploration

(Retrospection - 6 months later. I haven't used shrooms in over 4 months)
My first trip had an incredibly prolonged come up. I used the same set/setting as I had for so long with DXM use; My bedroom, computer loaded up with a psychill playlist, movies to watch, water and snacks. It was late, eleven, I'd just returned home from a successful day and unsuccessful night searching for psilocybe subaeruginosa. No mess no fuss pizza for dinner. Time to relax.

Spreading my haul out to dry underneath the fan, I look at the clock. How long was I going to put this off for, when would be the right time to breach this wall? It had to be done now, despite the hour. I drag out my stash. I measure out 0.8g of mushrooms. How do I do this? I put them in with a cup of cocoa. Drink it up, eat the shrooms, on top of my pizza-filled stomach. 

A half hour browsing the net. I feel nothing.  Another 0.4g. 20 minutes later, I notice my peripheral vision is... Different. At the edge of sight, straight lines are not straight. Effects do not deepen. Another 0.4g, plus a small fresh mushroom. Listening to ABC Australia's 'rage' music program. 

More watchful waiting. I have one more fresh mushroom. I don't want to overdo it. 1.6g dried, plus the freshies. Starting to feel a small buzz, like being drunk.

An hour and a half after that first taste, things start to move, warp a little. I close my eyes to check for CEVs. They're faint but they're there. And they are beautiful. So much more...harmonious than what I'd experienced on DXM. I'm reading the wikipedia article on photons. I start looking at porn. My mind is wandering. The CEVs become faintly apparent as OEVs. I start watching rage.

(the next parts were written whilst tripping, minimal editing)
'Perfection striven for and delivered every minute, yet we treat that as the everyday, the normal. Mass media works against the creator, their product has to go through the filters of production and marketing;  compared to talking to people you know, it is useless. We are so separated at the other end, the consumer, we do not know the real.'

'some oev apparent whilst typing this. 1.30 am. Going to have a shower. Eating 1 more. The taste is pleasant enough, with a little bitterness. I return to browsing before having a shower, I will have another few mushrooms for an good strong active dose, more and more distracted, writing a chore.'

Like being drunk, stoned but clearheaded. Had 3 more mushrooms. 1.59

2.26 oevs more apparent. Before I had to wait to notice them. Now they are instantly apparent. I should have gotten some nitrous.

5.44 I need sleep but have had an amazing experience.

(12.54 next day, retrospect)
Some of the videos on rage were unnerving (No. 1 against the rush, way ii war) and the milkman animation I came across online was in the same category, but they didn't really disturb me too much. After a bit of rage I changed to browsing the internet listening to monk on acid (soundcloud) which finished off into watching the yeah yeah yeahs on rage. A lot of the time I was just laying back thinking and drifting. I also did a lot of reading, the letters seeming to hover above the page or screen. I felt sad for chronic drug users who don't really get the full benefits of expanding their minds, destroying it instead, trying to escape their mad painful existence. I had a lot of mild muscle twitches of a sort, like a restless person, like my body was rebelling against my mind, trying to hold my consciousness inside my body. There was no pain and I just went with it. My mind wanted to drift away but I knew this was not the time for that, and did not encourage it to. Sleep didn't take too long to get into, though it was restless to begin with. I do not recall any dreams I had, due to my alarm clock shattering my waking experience. There was lots of laughter as I found many things amusing, including how I could keep moving my hand towards the cat and not reach it. Having the cat there was like an psychic anchor for me, not that I needed it this time. Having a patterned carpet was a definite plus! When I had the shower, I was happy with what I saw in the bathroom mirror.

I didn't know what to expect despite intensive research, but once I felt it start I sensed what was in store, and decided to make a proper thing of it, hence the redosing.  After that I was happy to drift along in the waves. I found the trip to be a pleasant excursion. In total I had about 2g dry and 6 fresh mushrooms, and would rate it a high level 2 / low level 3 trip. This is consumption above what was recommended for the species, so either the food I ate reduced the effect or I must be less sensitive than average to the effects of psilocybin, or my subs (shrooms) aren't as potent as I was led to believe.

The next day I was tired from lack of sleep but felt only positive things about the experience. I remember vividly lots of things I learnt about myself, which have faded a bit now,  and feel a lot less anxious and more capable regarding life in general. While I would like to trip again soon I also feel I have more self control and abuse patterns like I fell into with DXM should be easily avoidable. (Eventually I had to ditch my stash to enforce sobriety. Behavioral issues suck! I never touched DXM again though, after years of use/abuse.)

There was definitely a sense that the experience needs to be shared, but the people in my life are not ready for this sort of thing, or have been burned in the past from substance abuse. The stigma of 'drugs' is heavily attached to mushrooms because of so many idiots out there who were not prepared.