
##EROWID_NOTE:HIGH_DOSE##

Stances taken prior to the exprerience: 
Weed, hash brownies, hash, kief, synthetic weed, dmt, shrooms, percocet, klonapin, adderall, vivance, hdydrocodone, 2c-b, morning glory seeds, dob, beans, molly, mda, alchohol, nitrous, lsd, aminita muscaria mushrooms, san pedro powder, jwh-18, tobacco,
	
The night I flew into the astral for the first time was a chilly night full of promise for not only spiritual growth but some sweet sacred geometry and fractal visuals. It was later in the evening after dark, the stars and full moon looked magnificent. It was pitch black besides the silvery glow from the moonlight. I was in my suburban back yard that backed up to a set of woods I became very familiar with on tryptamines.
	
I frequently had plenty of dmt on hand and the night had a special energy about it so I decided to finally break through for the first time. I loaded 3 hits of .03 yellow crystal dmt on top of a tiny piece of weed that I used just to cover the hole in the gravity bong socket. I was with my good tripping buddy chris and he was sober at the time of the experience besides the weed we were smoking that night (weed doesn't effect us to the point where we act any different or cannot function correctly, our tolerance were extremely high) I lit my portable combustion unit and held the flame about 2mm above the crystals until the material melted and beaded up into liquid. Then I torched it and cashed the entire bowl in the 1 gravity bong hit. My friend clicked play on my laptop and started divine moments of truth by shpongle.
	
I inhaled all the smoke deep into my lungs. I looked forward holding my hit in as long as possible. I was tripping before I even exhaled. The world took on a shiny/underwater look to it. My dog instantly started barking at the moon, which might I add is extremely abnormal for my dog to do (I believe she felt the energy of me tripping balls on a real spiritual high). My dogs barks were perfectly spaced out as if coming from a metronome. Then a translucent clock face from a grandfather clock slowly faded into my vision ticking to the dogs barks. Then the world spiraled like the spirally tie dyes.
	
I knocked out and found myself floating in space in front of a large grey cube that was warping space time around it. I was seeing everything from my eyes and a set of eyes about two inches in front of my eyes and a set of eyes two inches behind my eyes. Its interesting the way it still made up one picture. Think about how one eye is 2-D and two eyes is 3-D. I had 4-D vision.
	
instantly I was teleported to a brighter place with lots of yellows and neon greens. I was seeing my self from out of my body and my body was rotating like a gyroscope and binary was flashing across the screen of my vision like in the matrix. Everything was beeping alot and I interpreted this part of the trip as me being downloaded into the astral realm. I blasted off flying at about a thousand miles an hour past the binary. My vision at this point switched back and forth from seeing my body from every point of view including my own to my point of view being like an electron circling an atom, me being the atom. I flew around for awhile stopping on a dime to change directions and blast off again.
	
I saw at one point a vast cube network made of 2-D dots that kept beeping and changing colors, one of these 2-D points just so happened to be my asshole. There was alot more to this part of the trip like synestisia and me morphing into energy and technology but these parts are literally impossible to describe ( its like describing colors to a blind person)
	
I woke up and my friend chris said 'do you know who you are dude' and I quickly replied in an extremely bland, fast, and abnormally well spoken ' the entity's name you are speaking to is zack but I am the entirety of the universe' I lied there motionless for awhile watching the colorful visuals dance across my vision. Five minutes later I was back to sober with a beautiful afterglow that lasted for days. All the colors were brighter and I felt much more relaxed, happy, insightful, intuitive, spiritual, and philosophical for days afterwards.