I let two tabs of LSD on blotter paper dissolve under my tongue. I was the appointed 'spirit guide' for a first-time tripper. We went for a walk, waiting for it to kick in. It took much longer than usual, and I began to think it was bunk. 

Shortly after a cigarette break, we went back inside to play guitar. I was starting to feel the body-high but still no visuals or enhanced colors. For a few minutes, I had uncontrollable giggles. Mid-song, I looked over at my friend's fingers on the guitar. The strings began to curl off of the guitar, and his fingers started to dance of their own accord. I was reminded of an experience from when I was younger, watching a television show in which a person's hands were portraying full people.

I knew the trip was starting. I laid down on my bed and looked out the large window. The leaves of the tree outside against the blue backdrop of sky began to twist into kaleidoscope patterns. I saw nothing but patterns in everything around me for nearly an hour. I could hardly move or speak. 

The next thing I noticed was how strange my friend's face looked. His eyes were huge, skin was green. Most of his face appeared to be facing toward me, but his nose and half of his mouth were in profile. It looked much like a cubist painting, or something done by Picasso. I remember wondering if Pablo had taken LSD- at this point my thoughts were mostly cognizant, but I was seeing a completely alternate world.

The whole world was moving. It continued this way for several hours. We went to visit my neighbors, who were also tripping. While sitting on their couch, I was convinced that I could hide completely inside my hat.

When the LSD began to wear off, it was dark. We sat on my porch and had a very enlightening discussion about what our minds had taught us over the past few hours. It was a very intellectual phase of the trip.

Once it had entirely worn off, I felt exhausted. My spine and back muscles ached from the tension of not being able to move earlier. I fell asleep quickly, and do not recall any strange dreams.