I hadn't slept much the night before, maybe a good 6 hours. I woke up a little tired, but had nothing much to do all day. I skipped breakfast, because I wanted to have some shrooms.

Before noon I received a call that I was expecting from my mother. After that was done with, I started preparations for my 'trip', if I could call it that. I chewed  and swallowed aproxim. 10 grams of fresh sclerotia, along with a milkshake. As I waited for it to get digested, I went out and payed some bills, got busy doing stuff.

30 minutes after these 10 grams I felt my knees wouldn't stay straight, and I better be heading back home. Nausea quickly got the better of me in another  10 minutes and I threw up just a little bit, over a street gutter.

I checked my pupils for dilation on the elevator mirror (they were dilated big time), went back into my cave and put on some music. My perceptions were being amplified, and I started to get "that" feeling of being back to some weird beautiful place inside my mind.

Some 30 minutes later I really felt the high hit my body hard. By that time, the nausea was almost gone and I took the chance to chew and swallow aproxim.  5 grams more of the sclerotia. I felt the body high was overriding the nausea and it would bother me no more. I was right.

Closed my eyes briefly and got 'the visuals' that I will not attempt to describe, other than saying they looked vaguely tribal and South American (maybe because that was what I expected. or not, who knows these things?).

I looked at a family photo album and pretty soon started to have an outflow of emotions. Lost track of time, and started having mild visual distortions (auras around objects, some flickering lights when I looked at the sunshine going through the window curtains).  A wooden door with glass panels looked positively screwed. Pretty soon, even the white walls had patterns to them. I looked at my own hands and they looked familiar. yet strange.

I started second guessing my every thought and emotion. Looking for the meaning in every little thing. This didn't last as long as I wished it would, but I started feeling tired and half wishing to pull the plug. Despite feeling tired, the shrooms kept pressing my mind on. This gave way to a most contradictory state.

I went out again twice. The weather had cleared up and the afternoon sun, the screams of the children playing, the noises from traffic and everything felt much too stimulating. All of this over a continuous hum or buzzing sound, and the chatter of people across the street. I could not shut off my senses.

I made myself several cups of tea because I felt the need for some glucose in my brain. It must have been 2 hours into the experience when I started to feel very burned out and wishing for some rest, and it lasted probably 2 more hours after that until I was back at baseline.

I found this experience pleasant, but taxing. I will probably wait a few weeks before trying to go at it again, but I must sleep better beforehand. Will probably do it at nighttime, in the dark, expecting for more insight and meditation, not necessarily for the visuals.