I have used San Pedro a few times before, mostly low dosage sessions. This  particular time I went for what I would describe as a mid-high dosage  level. I have grown San Pedro in my courtyard for some time, a  fantastically easy plant to grow. Whenever any of the cactii started  getting too big for their small pots, I would cut and replant. I had three  such cuttings of 15 centimetres high in one pot, a pot probably too small  for all three. One cutting was 8 centimetres wide, the other two were about  5 centimetres wide. All three had failed to really grow, although they had  acquired roots. I decided the three would be used to ingest.

I silently said a small prayer to the plant gods as to why I was taking  them. I de-spined and cut them into slices. I diced the slices, keeping only  the dark green flesh and discarded the white parts. I then put them in a  blender with water and hit go. The vivid green blended San Pedro was then  placed in a pot with some more water. Low boiling then took place for  roughly two hours. At this point, I strained the pulp and skin by using a  piece of cloth over another pot. I squeezed as much as I could from the  pulp before discarding. I then placed the liquid back onto the stove and  recommenced low temperature boiling. After a half hour, I turned off the  heat and let it cool - I find the excess slime rises to the top as a skin.  Careful use of a spoon allows one to remove the slime and discard. I  repeated this process. I was left with roughly 500mls of liquid. 

I awoke the morning of ingestion at 6:30am and prayed to the plant spirits.  I intimated that I was seeking a form of enlightment, that I was being as  respectful as I could and asked them to treat me gently. I then drank the  liquid in one go. Although bitter, I find my preparations are quite  sufficient for as decent a taste as could be expected. Using my cool down  method, to my mind, removes excess slime, and I would describe the liquid  as a tan colour, like that of a good, cloudy ale. I did not expect to wake  so early and knowing it takes some time for commencement of effects, I went  back to bed and fell asleep for an hour. Upon waking, I instantly knew the  effects were well on their way to beginning.

I might add at this point, that I'm a naturally very skinny guy who has a  blazing fast metabolism. This is important for me in knowing why it affects  me quicker than most descriptions I have read. 

At first I was somewhat anxious and a little fearful. I was doing this  alone, and I was scared that I'd had more than I had bargained for. I  prayed again to the plant spirits to be gentle. I performed an occult  ritual to banish any negativities. 

Effects at this stage included the appearance of walls breathing and things  like the pictures on my wall to start moving slightly. There were moments  of mental 'drop outs' where I felt like my mind had shifted gears. There  was a slight feeling of nausea, but nothing out of control. I firmly  believe good preparation of the liquid is key for reducing those feelings.  Closed eye visuals were taking place.

As is akin to my nature, I always closely study the clock so that I can  allay any fears of the experience by telling myself that 'effects will peak  at this time', 'things will taper roughly at this time' etc. As the clock  began to get to three hours after take off time, I began to relax as I had  a better knowledge of the strength of this trip. 

I had not drank alcohol or smoked cannabis for two months prior to this  trip. Three months prior to the trip, I had a long term relationship end  which had made me sad and it was this that I wanted to concentrate on  during the trip. I wanted to let go of my pain, and I told the plant  spirits now working their way inside me of this. The results of this were  fast acting. When I say that the plant spirits talk to me, I can only say  this is both an intuitive feeling and sometimes an actual voice that  responds to questions in my head. They brought me back to the fear and  anxiety I had experienced in the three hour lead up time to the present  time and asked gently if I could see any parallels. They pointed out that  fear is my problem, and that it was this that I needed to let go of. By  this point I began to break down and cry. I saw I did not want to fear  anything, that life was too short and sacred for fear. Fear was holding me  back. Fear of being alone again, also. I cried for perhaps 10 minutes. I  would describe these tears as pure stress relief. These were not tears of  pain. The 'mental conversation' between myself and the plant spirits  continued for perhaps a half hour. After, I felt like a great weight had  been lifted and from this point on, the trip became serene and calm. I felt  like the serious part of my learning had been achieved and now I could  enjoy the trip! 

I listened to positive music and closed my eyes, I felt my senses pulsate  with the beat. I heard the layering in the different instruments more  precisely than I could straight. I went out into my courtyard and looked  at my cactii, I loved them. I looked up into the dazzling blue sky and felt  the sun energising my body. I received waves and chills of physical delight  in my body. After a sandwich and some green tea, I decided to stroll to the  botanical gardens close to where I live. I took immense pleasure in the sun  and clouds, the colours of the plants were astounding. I saw a dragonfly  and marvelled at its flight. I saw children playing on the grass and felt  one with the cycle of life. I saw morose emo teenagers being loud and  boisterous, and felt the same thing.

I came home and chilled out. I felt great, and I kept pondering upon the  plant spirits and how they could teach. At one point (and I have felt this  with psilocybin mushrooms, too) I almost felt I was a cactus. It felt like  the cactus was teaching me how it was to be like a cactus, and it felt  paradoxically energetic and calm.

I wandered back into the city again to meet some friends. By this time,  roughly eight hours had gone by and effects had definitely tapered. It took  half an hour to reach my destination and upon greeting a friend, I was  amazed at her eyes. Had her eyes always been such a beautiful combination  of blue upon white? I made the decision not to tell my friends of my  condition, I saw no point in trying to describe it. Soon the effects ebbed  away.

All in all, it was a powerful and insightful experience. I would  characterise the effects as being far more mental/emotional than visual. Or  perhaps I decided to concentrate more upon those attributes. I will wait a  respectful time between my next meeting with San Pedro. Next time when I  pray before ingestion, I will promise not to fear.

Lesson learned: when communicating with the plant spirits, you *may* find  yourself on a difficult path (granted for me, it was not this time) but  that love and acceptance of the plant as well as everything in life is the  key.

Thank you for reading, and may your plant guides bring you all that you  desire.