I live in Lima Peru where san pedro cactus is legal to consume. I tripped more intense than anything else I've ever taken (weed and hash) on san pedro (14 inches) as the high lasted about 14 hours or so and it was the most spiritual high I've ever had and exhausting.

I can only imagine sex on san pedro would be the best experience of anyone's life particularly because of how sensitive all my senses were. I remember my sense of touch was unreal, like I could mold into anything I touched and yet heightened.

WITHIN TWO-FOUR HOURS OF THE TRIP (I WAS IN THE BATHROOM AND TOO HIGH TO DOCUMENT)

My eyes were so sensitive even in the pitch blackness of my bathroom with the lights off I kept seeing light, specifically a flashing red light would appear beyond my visual senses even when my eyes were closed, but I would only see this red light flashing when I saw the dimmest of lights sneak through underneath the bathroom door on my 4th level apartment (I know weird). I even remember my little pocket kodak camera which I had on to document my trip had a very dim red light that was too bright for my eyes and my ears almost got plugged because of how loud the energy of the camera sounded (very weird I know)

I could hear everything and because I live in a semi urban really busy intersection it was pretty loud and irritating I had to cover my ears because of the intensity. 

5 HOURS-14 HOURS IN I WENT TO MY BEDROOM AS IT WAS QUIET ENOUGH FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TRIP

I started to feel like the cactus, as hardcore san pedro cactus trippers say and the vibrant energy started taking me on a wild ride of pure orgasm and ecstacy for about a couple hours or so, again I was too high too document it. I would have never imagined I could get so exhausted from having such a lengthy orgasm let alone have such a long orgasm. After the intense pleasure became so exhausting, I still felt vibrant energy and suddenly every thought that came to mind that might have taken some real reflection or consideration was instantly understood and I just got great clarity of every unanswered question I might have had in the back of my mind. This went on until the morning of the next day 14 hours later I finally fell asleep during the day light. Def a highlight of my time here in Lima Peru and when I'm ready I will partake in another session.