I decided to take a tester the first time before I delved all the way into the K-Hole, just to get warmed up to it a bit, so this wasn't per say my first time, but I feel that it all combined would be considered my first time. The first time was a small dose, around 30mg I think around a week prior to this. I won't elaborate on any details about that one, as it's not the reason you're reading this report.

Bear with me as I tried to capture as much detail in this report as I could. I timed things out accordingly and used logs of what transpired to get a general guideline of how long each stage of effects were. I ate a lite supper at 5:30PM and didn't drink anything after 8:30PM because I had heard tales of nausea. I am quite glad I did so, though I think having an empty stomach made me feel a tad bit nauseous later on. I waited until my roommate left to ensure I would have a controllable environment and that I would not be disturbed. Prior to the trip, I set up the environment and made it "Trip-Proof" so as to not fall and crack my head open on something, and had a pail close by in case of nausea. I set the ambiance with a calming playlist I found on the internet and partially shaded the lamp in my room so that it put off just enough light to not be pitch black.

At 10:30PM the time had come. I was going to do this. I was anxious leading up to it. I tensed the muscle up and relaxed it preparing for the epic journey I was about to ensue. Once injected, I massaged the site on my thigh to reduce some of the soreness and increase absorption. I laid back on my bed and prepared for the worst. About 30 seconds later, I decided my fan was too loud and got up and cut it off. When I laid back down, the same went for my computer fans because I wanted nothing but pure serenity. The only problem with this is that my music was playing off the PC and if I cut it off I would have no more music. I cut the PC off and managed to hook up my phone via Bluetooth to the speaker and put on some Explosions in the Sky. I later decided that this was a fantastic decision and that EITS was definitely the music that suited the atmosphere.

No sooner had I managed to fix the music, it hit. About 5 seconds longer and the trip would have been music-less. The only way I can describe it was that I transcended time and space. I can't recall all the specifics, except that I was somewhere that was not my room, nor even of this planet. I remember seeing some of my friends faces, even some whose faces I have not ever seen before, but representations of them that I KNEW was them. The faces slowly transformed between each other until they finally settled on one unexpected face, Domo. (If you don't know what Domo is, google image it.) I think this was still related to a friend because I had a past experience with him about Domo and it had been years before (and I know what he looks like), so I'm not sure why I chose that to represent him.

I faded in and out a couple of times, seeing semblances of my room, but certainly was not my room. Each time I came up, I was naturally drawn to the smoke detector (which is the only thing on the ceiling) where there was 4 of them instead of 1. This happened a few times, but the only transition I can remember from that was that the 4 smoke alarms started spinning into a vortex. I tripped hard for 25 minutes on the dot. I don't remember looking at the clock at all, but I apparently started IRC on my phone at 10:55PM. I typed something about space that was completely and utterly incomprehensible. I couldn't read what was being said even on a slow channel as everything was blurry and shifting some still. The whole world seemed like it was scrolling down, when everything was still. I remember marveling at my phone about how it was like a remote and I could turn the music up and down as I wished. At 11:53PM I was sober enough to type comprehensible words on IRC. I was unable to participate in the conversation, more talking to myself.

My entire body was numb except for limited arm and finger movement. At that point I didn't want to move anyway. At 11:10PM I finally tried to move, and failed. At 11:17PM ability to use autocorrect on my phone returned and strings of words turned into meaningful sentences. I was still unable to keep a conversation going but managed to comment on a few things that was said. At 11:20PM I successfully flipped over on my stomach, laying face down on my bed. I decided that was an uncomfortable position and at 11:30PM I managed to get myself up enough to transport my body into my computer chair. I cut on the PC but as soon as I cut the monitor on, I was blinded and it was painful, even with everything dark themed. I ended up sitting at my desk still using my phone because I couldn't stand to have the monitor on.

I commented that (about the experience) "that I had kicked a field goal and gotten a home run". I started experiencing deep thoughts, the most noticable that manifested itself in my head was "reap what you sew" which got deeper and deeper the more I thought about it. At 11:43PM I decided that I wanted to see what dreams would be like. When I layed back down, I found my eyes open without me opening them (and not realizing they were open) until I realized I was seeing the patterns of my cover shifting.

At 11:53PM I decided that my mind was racing too much, and knew there was no way I was going to sleep, so I managed to get back into my computer chair where I slowly adjusted my eyes to the light of the monitor. The first thing I said when I sat down was "sleep doesnt work when you're mind's on hyperspace". I heard phones ringing, but there were no phones around me (minus mine which was silent). I looked out the window and couldn't tell if it was foggy or raining, so I stumbled into the living room and opened the window to look out. I heard electronic music coming from another room and immediately wanted to go to the party. I decided I was still in no condition to go party, so I came to the conclusion that I should play electronic music that was louder and better than theirs.

The urge to go to the party was so tempting that I mentioned "Guys don't let me go to a rave tonight, I would rage my face off". I decided that "Papa Americano" was undoubtedly the best song in the world "and everyone should, can, and will hear it tonight". At 12:30AM I noticed I was feeling somewhat nauseous but not enough I was worried about being sick. At 1:00AM I decided to eat a piece of toast and that helped immensely. Started drinking whiskey at 1:15AM and the rest of the night was pretty much back to normal.

I stayed up until like 3:30AM mostly because I couldn't sleep. My mind was not able to calm down enough to sleep. 13 hours post injection, I woke up and noticed I had no soreness at all, unlike the first time in which I did not massage the injection site.

Long story short, I felt very satisfied with the results. I'm sure that most of that is far greater detail than any of you were looking to know, but I wanted to recapture as much of the experience as possible from what I had pieced together from what had transpired. Thus concludes my 2 page trip report on a fantastic adventure. In my honest opinion, this one experience with ketamine was better than all the experiences of DMT I've had, combined.